Home
›
Launches
›
Affinity
34
Affinity - The compliance training platform built for regulated industries
Seamlessly manage your organizations trainings and compliance needs in one integrated platform.
Peter Greczner
Affinity
7 days ago
Embed
https://itsaffinity.com
#
fintech
#
hr_tech
#
compliance
#
team_collaboration
#
workflow_automation
Hi 👋 , we’re Faraz and Peter and we’re building Affinity!
Affinity is a compliance training platform designed specifically for regulated industries. We’ve previously built Bread - a fintech - from inception to a $450M exit and are leveraging that experience to solve the learning management needs of regulated tech companies from growth stage to large enterprise banks.
Problem and Current Market
While scaling Bread, we learned how necessary training is in the fintech industry for all stakeholders both internal (your employees) and external (your vendors and clients), and how glaringly inefficient the process is.
For example:
Fintech bank sponsors lack standardized training across portfolio companies;
Fintechs themselves train thousands of their business customers using valuable human hours;
Compliance and HR teams use sign up sheets and spreadsheets to track internal trainings;
Ineffective trainings create bigger problems later on when companies are just starting to scale.
And it’s not just fintechs who face these problems,
it’s all regulated industries
.
How Affinity Solves This
We’ve built:
A platform that allows organizations, such as banks, to standardize training across external parties.
A workflow management tool that allow companies to assign trainings based on internal policy rules.
Relevant, practical content and ways to customize the content.
Data for reporting to regulators and auditors.
In short: we help regulated companies make compliance training seamless and powerful.
The Future (to Affinity and beyond!)
A dynamic content creation platform built in.
Leveraging AI and LLM’s for interactive learning experiences.
The best and most useful trainings available in every vertical and industry.
The Team
We have known each other for almost a decade and spent much of that time building out a buy-now, pay-later fintech together called Bread ($450M exit). Faraz led legal and compliance, and Peter led engineering. Through Bread’s growth we’ve learned how important compliance education is for teams to be effective in a regulated space.
Asks from the community
Introductions to Fintechs and tangential regulated companies (all sizes)
Introductions to Banks
Introductions to Compliance and HR teams
Tell us what you’re not getting from your current learning management systems
How can your company use Affinity today?
We’re live for fintechs today at:
https://itsaffinity.com
. We are also offering a discount to all YC companies for their first year, and while you can onboard yourself, we’d love to walk you through getting started. So, please reach out to us at
founders@itsaffinity.com
and we can start working together with your team!
See All Launches ›