Home
›
Launches
›
Aglide
37
Aglide - Control your team's SaaS accounts, access, & bills
A password manager that shows what apps employees have, how much they cost, and whether they’re actually used.
Patrick D. McGuckian
Aglide
11 days ago
Embed
https://aglide.com
#
b2b
#
saas
TL;DR:
Aglide is a password manager for startups - showing what apps employees have, how much they cost, and whether they’re actually used.
Firms switch from 1Password to simplify cost tracking, cut unnecessary bills, and easily control who has what access.
Do you
really
know what apps and access your employees (and ex-employees) have?
What
SaaS subscriptions are you paying for?
“
Everyone has the same 5 core apps… Other than sales who has Pipedrive… Oh, and design uses Figma and Canva… Wait didn’t marketing get that social media tool…”
Do you know if services are actually used?
“
I want everyone to start using our new AI meeting notes tool. Even you, intern that will never host a video call!”
Do ex-employees have access to things they shouldn’t?
“
Just found out we never removed Yasmin from Github after she left. Now she’s working for our competitor!”
Enterprise products solve this for enterprises, but not startups and scale-ups.
They require expensive “Enterprise Plans”:
Each managed app needs upgrading to expensive SSO plans:
Figma goes from $12/month to $45/month (Ouch!)
GitHub goes from $4/month to $21/month (5x higher!)
Netlify won’t even tell you (but
these people
say it goes from $19/month to $99/month)
You need to “Contact Sales”
Enterprise services make you sit in a series of sales calls before you can even get started.
Founders are busy. They need the problem solved in minutes, not weeks.
Oh, and they are spectacularly complicated, so you better hire an IT guy to manage it all.
Our Solution: Aglide
Aglide gives you the power of expensive enterprise tools, in a product that’s as easy to use as a password manager.
Benefits for you:
Set up and roll out to every employee in
less than 5 minutes.
Monitor the apps each employee has and how much they cost.
Find and unsubscribe from expensive services no one is using.
Someone leaving? Get a list of all their apps to see what needs deactivated.
Benefits for your employees:
Securely store any account, credit card, API key and more!
Create vaults to easily share accounts and items between teams.
Install the extension, and sign in once per day to seamlessly access all your apps.
Setting up Aglide and deploying it to your entire team takes less than 5 minutes.
Our Ask
Tell us the IT problems you want fixed:
We want to hear ALL about your IT pains. Email me at
p@aglide.com
or (if you’re a hero) book a call →
link
Sign up today:
Sign up and migrate from 1Password in less than 5 minutes →
link
See All Launches ›