Home
›
Launches
›
AutoInfra
37
☁️💬 AutoInfra - Infrastructure as Language
LLM powered chat to control AWS
Tejas Bhakta
AutoInfra
18 days ago
Embed
https://autoinfra.ai/
#
aiops
#
infrastructure
#
developer_tools
#
cloud_computing
#
artificial_intelligence
TL;DR
AutoInfra
is an LLM powered chat interface to control, modify, and observe your Cloud Infrastructure. Book a Demo
here
Tejas
, was previously a
Computer Vision Engineer at Tesla
, and before that, he worked on
AI Infra for Tesla’s
Autopilot team. As an early member of both of these teams, he felt the frustration of an ultra-fast-paced environment being slowed down by Infrastructure as well as the mountain of costs that come with increasingly complex setups.
The Problem
Maintaining and configuring AWS Infrastructure is
time-consuming, frustrating, and complex
. AWS alone has over 250 offerings. Everyone's experienced the frustration and helplessness of dealing with the AWS console. From security groups, to ETLs, to Snowball, no one is truly a master of the entire AWS console (or wants to be)
Alarms and logs that could be hurting your business often go ignored, or have resolution times that range between 6 hours - multiple days.
The Solution
AutoInfra
is a chat interface that lets you do anything in AWS with natural language. For example, ask specific things like open up port 22 on the “second-x86”EC2 instance, or broad things like “why is lambda-test-11 not working” and get an answer right away, right in Slack.
AutoInfra deploys in your own cloud and you control 100% of its permissions through IAM
. What we have right now:
A Slack interface to control all of your AWS account with natural language.
Create, modify, and observe anything in AWS all just by asking
AI Log Analysis and Resolution
for all your AWS logs/services.
We interpret alarms/logs to suggest resolution steps so your on-call team can fix things 10x faster
Long Term I envision building a shift from the current Infrastructure as Code → Infrastructure as Language as LLM capabilities scale and get specialized.
We want to make managing DevOps/Infrastructure as easy as chatting with a coworker.
Isn’t this giving a 3rd party access to my AWS account?
Everything runs in your own AWS account
You control the IAM permissions as well and can modify them anytime.
💜 My Ask
Share this post!
Connect us to lead developers, engineering, DevOps, Infrastructure teams
in your network that
Are at a small-medium sized startup (under 750 people)
Don’t like dealing with AWS
overloaded with work
Share feedback!
If you have any ideas feel free to reach out anytime!
🚀 Sign up
Book a
20 min demo
, email us at
founders@autoinfra.ai
, or visit
www.autoinfra.ai
Tejas
See All Launches ›