Home
›
Launches
›
Avoca
495
Avoca – AI-powered communications platform for SMBs
We’re equipping every SMB with an intelligent, 24/7 customer communications platform so business owners can get back to focusing on their core business
Tyson Chen
Avoca
5 months ago
Embed
https://www.avoca.ai/
TLDR;
SMBs lack the tools, people, and time to effectively capture customer intent, convert customer interest, and build customer loyalty. That’s where we come in.
Avoca
handles all customer inbound interest as well as outbound communications.
We’re two good friends from college that love building AI-first products:
Apurva
is a 2nd time founder who studied CS at MIT and has worked on AI products at Apple and Sunshine. He most recently was an engineer at Retool where he worked with some of their largest customers. Growing up in Michigan, he helped his parents handle communications with their own small business.
Tyson
studied CS at MIT where he worked on generative AI for drug discovery. Since then he’s worked on AI projects for F500 companies at BCG and as a PM at Nuro. He’s seen the problem first hand at home with his mom’s local acupuncture business.
❌ The Problem
SMBs lack the resources to properly manage their customer communications.
They miss over half their phone calls
85% of the time when a call is missed, the customers don’t leave voicemails or call back; they often choose a competitor
They have delayed responses to texts / emails
They lack organized ways to activate customer loyalty and create repeat business
Existing alternatives are either expensive or inefficient.
Receptionists (both virtual & non-virtual) are costly, not 24/7, require days of onboarding time, and have high variance in terms of performance
Call centers are costly (few dollars / minute), inconsistent, don’t integrate with business systems (e.g., CRMs), and can only handle calls
Existing tech solutions are expensive and limited
✨ Our Solution
Example
Avoca
automates all inbound and outbound needs for every SMB.
Inbound
24/7 phone assistance so no calls are missed again - answer questions, book appointments, collect information
Personalized text and email handling - ensure existing and potential customers get fast responses
Outbound
Booking confirmations to minimize cancellations / no-shows
Review sequences that boost a business’s Google and Yelp reviews after job completion
Follow-ups & promotions to previous customers to build loyalty
🙏 Asks
📣 Sharing: Please share this announcement with your network and follow us on
LinkedIn
!
👥 Referrals: If you know of anyone who owns a local business and could benefit from Avoca, please connect us (
founders@avoca.ai
). Especially if they are in one of the following verticals: home services, property management, real estate, family medical practice (e.g., dentist, massage therapist), law.
See All Launches ›