Home
›
Launches
›
Baselit
34
⚡️ Baselit: AI copilot for analytics
Supercharge your analytics with GPT-3.
Shubham Rana
Baselit
5 months ago
Embed
https://www.baselit.ai
#
ai
#
b2b
#
saas
#
analytics
#
generative_ai
TL;DR
Baselit is AI copilot for analytics. Product and business teams use Baselit to query and analyze data using plain English. For example, a PM can chat with his database to figure out the answer to “Why did our GMV drop last month?” without relying on data teams.
Take a look at how
Baselit
copilots the role of a data analyst in this short
video
!
The Problem
Databases are black boxes for those who actually need data
Databases can easily become complex and intractable in a growing company, with teams losing context about how and where the data is stored. The single largest hurdle for product and business teams, while making data-driven decisions, is getting the right data out from the database maze.
Data teams = Long turnaround times + Back and forth
Teams that depend on analysts to fetch data for them end up dealing with long turnaround times and a lot of back and forth. If you don’t have instant access to data, experimentation becomes difficult, which means insights get lost.
Our Solution
Baselit enables users to run the data query-transform-visualize workflow using simple English instructions. The underlying model is GPT-3 enriched by training on contextual information like database schema, metrics catalog etc. at the time of setup.
How does it work?
Connect
Baselit to your data sources (Postgres, Snowflake, Redshift, BigQuery).
Chat
with your database and get answers using plain English. Baselit auto-generates the relevant SQL.
Export
results to your favorite visualization tool (integrates with Tableau, Metabase, Excel, Google Sheets, Power BI, Superset).
Can I try it?
We have a live
playground
that anyone can try - contact us to get access!
If you are interested in simplifying databases for your product/business teams, we’d love to talk! Email us at
contact@baselit.ai
or join our waitlist
here
.
See All Launches ›