Home
›
Launches
›
Blocksfabrik
72
{🟦} Blocksfabrik: Create your own design system without all the work
Generate a design system complete with Figma assets, a private NPM package for your components, and documentation.
Alexandru Antihi
Blocksfabrik
6 months ago
Embed
https://www.blocksfabrik.com/
Hi! Alex and Ryan here - we’re super excited to launch
Blocksfabrik
!
TLDR: We built a way to create design systems that stay in sync across design and code. Teams are using us to design better interfaces and develop them as fast as using an off-the-shelf component library, but with the flexibility of a bespoke design system and none of the tech debt.
Ready to ship better product experiences? We would love to help, so please book a slot for a quick chat
here
, or reach us directly via email at
alex@blocksfabrik.com
or
ryan@blocksfabrik.com
The Problem
Creating your own design system takes a ton of effort and experience that is hard to come by. And once they’re built you’ll have to maintain them in design and code indefinitely. Off-the-shelf component libraries get you off the ground, but are disconnected from design and hacking around their limitations becomes a liability as your product grows.
What if you can design and build as fast as with a component library, but with the flexibility and quality of a bespoke design system?
The Solution
Configure your design system in the Editor and Blocksfabrik will take care of the rest — creating the component code, Figma assets, and documentation. It’s like having a full-time design system team, without needing the budget.
How It Works
(1)
Define your design tokens in the Editor (including color palette, sizes, fill styles, etc) and the specifics of your interface components (from shapes to interaction patterns).
(2)
Publish your design system, and you’ll get a private NPM package, Figma assets, and documentation that are all in sync.
(3)
Since Blocksfabrik creates components for both Figma and code, your Figma assets will share the same properties, and behave identically to the components in code. The designer → developer handoff becomes fast and seamless.
Need to update something? Simply make edits and publish a new version that you can start using in Figma and code.
How We Can Help You
If you or someone in your network is struggling to build a product interface or design system, we’d love to help! Please book a quick chat
here
, or email us at
alex@fabrikant.tech
,
ryan@fabrikant.tech
Thank you!
See All Launches ›