Home
›
Launches
›
Boundary Layer Technologies
16
Valo Hyperfoil - The electric flying personal watercraft of the future
Valo flies 2ft above the water, at great speed, in silence, with no waves or emissions, and will be the most exhilarating thing on the water
Ed Kearney
Boundary Layer Technologies
7 months ago
Embed
ridevalo.com
#
climatetech
#
transportation
Meet Valo - the worlds first Hyperfoil.
⚡What is it?
Valo is a Hyperfoil
- a new category of ultra-performance hydrofoiling personal watercraft we created with a full computerized stability control system. Think of it like an electric flying jet ski, that is super bad ass. The complete overhaul that the 50 year old Jetski desperately needs.
📉The old - Jetskis
Loud, gas-burning, noisy impeller driven, wake causing, wave splashing bathtubs.
📈The new -
Valo
A fully electric, near silent, near zero wake, high speed, highly agile vehicle that slices above the waves.
📋 Specs:
Top speed: 58 mph
Range: 68 miles
Charging time: 3 hours
Cruising altitude: 2 ft
100% electric
Hull: Carbon Fiber
🤔
Why do I want one?
Riding Valo is truly exhilarating, flying clear above the surface of the water, banking into turns like a ski racer.
You don't get wet. You don't need good balance.
Cruise from the SF Marina to Sausalito in 10 minutes. Have a cocktail, enjoy the sun. All without making waves, noise, or emissions.
🔨Who is making it?
Our team consists of world class engineers that have worked on Americas Cup racing yachts, hyperloops, self landing rockets, and navy ships, as well as having a massive amount of experience in making electric foiling boats. We are super confident that Valo will work better than we have planned and that customers will absolutely love it. We are going to use the technology in Valo to revolutionize increasingly larger boats and ships, ultimately bringing zero emissions technology to the entire marine sector.
📦How do I get one?
Place a reservation today!
$1000 fully refundable. A reservation secures your spot in the line for the limited production slots we will have available next year.
📆When will it be ready?
We will have a prototype complete by early Feb next year, and will be offering demo rides.
We will then have a limited run of founders edition vessels delivered mid next year, with priority given to the reservation queue position. The full production run will begin early after that.
🎣How much does it cost?
Valo costs more than your typical jet ski. Production price is targeted at $59,000.
This is because Jetski’s and PWCs in general are pretty much glorified fiberglass bathtubs with a piston engines slapped inside. Valo is effectively a fully featured electric aircraft with wings, stabilizers, actuated control surfaces, inertial sensors and complex flight control software, nothing else out there comes close to it, and all that extra stuff does add to the cost.
If you have any questions, reach out to
valo@boundarylayer.tech
Thanks!
See All Launches ›