Home
›
Launches
›
Cloudthread
18
Cloudthread ☁️🧘‍♂️ Your Cloud Cost Savings Hub
Meet Cloudthread, the radical cloud waste reduction platform for modern teams
Ilia Semenov
Cloudthread
2 months ago
Embed
https://cloudthread.io
#
b2b
#
finops
#
developer_tools
#
cloud_computing
#
workflow_automation
Hey YC! We're thrilled to announce the launch of
Cloudthread Savings Hub
, brought to you by
@Ilia
,
@Daniele
, and
@Thomas
! 🎉
TL;DR
Cloudthread Savings Hub
empowers you to identify and eliminate wasted cloud spend, streamline optimization workflows, and
maximize savings
.
Discover optimization opportunities, prioritize based on expected savings and implementation complexity, gain detailed context, group and share through Jira and Slack, track progress, and analyze realized savings.
Supports
AWS
and
GCP
.
The Problem
Despite various tools, sources, and techniques to manage cloud costs, achieving actual savings remains challenging. Many tools are expensive and charge a percentage of your total bill.
The Solution
Cloudthread Savings Hub disrupts the market by offering a combination of product and services laser-focused on eliminating cloud waste. We aggregate cost savings insights from various sources (including native cloud provider data), enrich it with valuable context, and facilitate workflow creation to effectively implement recommendations. We charge a
flat fee
for our product and a percentage of savings for service engagements.
How It Works
https://youtu.be/0j12fiXDgYc
💰 Special Deal + Ask
💰 For the next two weeks, find over $500 in monthly AWS savings with Cloudthread’s Savings Hub or receive a
$100 Amazon Gift Card
🎁
www.cloudthread.io/aws-save-or-get-paid
Join us in revolutionizing cloud cost management with Cloudthread Savings Hub!
About Us
At
@Cloudthread
, we're committed to making cloud cost analytics accessible for businesses of all sizes. Our platform enables engineering teams to lower cloud costs easily and effectively. We've helped enterprises with 8-figure cloud bills, high-growth startups, and everything in between achieve cloud cost efficiency.
A few months ago,
we launched our cloud cost saving services on Bookface
for the YC community. Since then, we've helped companies reduce their AWS spend by
10-50%
!
Our team has been working in cloud cost management since
2014
.
@Ilia Semenov
managed cloud costs at Electronic Arts before leading Lyft's cloud cost management efforts ahead of their IPO, resulting in a
40% reduction
in AWS spend (
case study
and
AWS Re:Invent talk
). Through Cloudthread, we've tackled cloud cost challenges across numerous AWS services.
See All Launches ›