Home
›
Launches
›
Clueso
178
🚀 Clueso : Create in-app tours that never go out-of-date
One screen recording → Help guides in three formats!
Akash Anand
Clueso
5 months ago
Embed
https://clueso.io
#
ai
#
b2b
#
saas
#
analytics
#
generative_ai
Hey there! We’re
Prajwal
,
Neel
, and
Akash
, and we are very excited to launch
Clueso
to all of you!
TL;DR:
Clueso helps customer success teams save time creating and maintaining help content for SaaS apps. Our product converts simple screen recordings of product features into interactive product tours and how-to guides that stay up-to-date with every product release.
🔴
The Problem
Users of SaaS apps have a hard time discovering new features and finding what they’re looking for, even on products with a well-designed UX.
Creating help guides on tools like Intercom is time-consuming – you have to put together screenshots, write out instructions, and make everything look presentable. Making interactive tours is even more work.
And what happens when you deploy new UI updates? All your hard work goes down the drain, and you have to start from scratch.
🟢
Our Solution
Clueso lets you create help guides for product features in seconds rather than hours. Here’s how it works:
Step 1:
Use our chrome extension to capture a simple screen recording of some feature on your app.
Step 2:
That’s it; you’re done!
Clueso automatically generates help guides in three formats: a document with screenshots, a video, and an interactive tour that points users to the exact buttons they need to click on your app.
Wanna see it in action?
Check out this 2-min demo:
Clueso Demo
To serve all these guides to your users,
insert a single line of code
to add our help widget to your app. Your users’ experience looks something like this:
🤯
But wait, there’s more!
No more waiting for angry customers to come tell you your docs are out of date!
With every new update on your app, all guides are automatically tested. Outdated guides are flagged so that you know exactly which ones need to be reworked.
Meet the team
We’re a team of recent grads from IIT Madras. Before Clueso, our team built and scaled
Desklamp
– a note-taking tool for students and researchers – to 2k MAU from around the world. We experienced this problem first-hand with Desklamp, where our users would repeatedly email us similar questions about how to use the product. Prajwal (middle) has a bachelor’s in Computer Science, while Neel (left) and Akash (right) have a bachelor’s in Engineering Design and a master’s in Data Science.
Our Ask
If you’d like to give your users an interactive way to learn your app or discover new features, reach out to us at
founders@clueso.io
or schedule a chat with us here:
calendly link
.
If you know of someone else who may be interested, especially customer success managers at seed-stage+ start-ups, we’d love an intro!
See All Launches ›