Home
›
Launches
›
Constant
36
Constant — Earn 10%+ yields with top-tier private credit funds
Private credit investment platform for financial advisors and high-net-worth individuals.
Ben Sender
Constant
5 months ago
Embed
https://useconstant.com
#
b2b
#
fintech
#
investing
#
marketplace
Hey everyone! Excited to launch
Constant
: we let financial advisors and high-net-worth individuals access quality private credit funds.
Private credit (like private equity - but for debt) is a $1.4 Trillion asset class that offers high yields, limited risk, and strong diversification from other assets: objectively, it deserves a place in any balanced portfolio. And yet, until now only institutions and ultra-wealthy individuals are invested. We’re changing that.
Background
Constant was inspired by my time in the investment industry where I saw firsthand how powerful private credit can be to a portfolio. I previously worked at Silver Point, a credit fund run by the former heads of Goldman Special Situations, Goldman High Yield Credit and Goldman Bank Loans. Prior to Silver Point, I worked at J.P. Morgan, Blackstone and T. Rowe Price.
Problem
Few investors have exposure to private credit, even though it would objectively benefit their portfolio. They don’t have the expertise or relationships to invest in the best funds, nor do they have the time to manage the admin work. Plus, most investors can’t meet the $5M minimum investments that private credit funds often require.
Solution
Constant’s platform provides a curated set of high-quality private credit funds. Our technology guides users through the complexities of funds, so users can make smart allocation decisions even if they have zero experience. And by pooling investors, we let smaller investors meet the minimum investments of funds – even if they couldn’t meet those minimums on their own.
We’re unlocking a compelling asset class:
Strong risk-adjusted return
– over the last 20 years, private credit returned ~10% annually compared to ~6% annually for public loans. Despite capturing higher returns, private credit had lower risk and lower loan losses.
Hedge against the market
– private credit tends to have a low correlation with other asset classes, providing strong diversification from the rest of your portfolio.
Hedge against inflation
– interest rates for private credit loans automatically adjust with broader inflation and interest rates, protecting investors from macroeconomic changes.
Durable return premium
– private credit tends to be less liquid than traditional asset classes, and investors are compensated for this through higher returns. This creates a durable driver for continued outperformance.
Institutions and ultra-wealthy investors recognize these benefits - it’s no wonder the private credit industry has grown 350%+ since 2010:
Asks
If you’re a high-net-worth individual or a financial advisor,
join our waitlist!
See All Launches ›