Home
›
Launches
›
Converge
22
Converge - Segment for ecommerce
We help online stores improve ad performance and attribution accuracy through better tracking.
Jerome Billiet
Converge
a month ago
Embed
http://www.runconverge.com
#
saas
#
analytics
#
e-commerce
#
infrastructure
#
data_engineering
TL;DR:
Converge
auto-tracks and forwards ecommerce customer events like Add To Cart and Purchase to analytics and ad platforms for accurate attribution and better ad performance.
Problem: Tracking for ecommerce is broken
Correct attribution and conversion tracking is at the core of every ecommerce business.
However, tracking setups suffer from..
Missing
data
: Stores miss on avg. ~10-30% of conversions due to limitations of browser tracking (e.g. ad-blockers) resulting in
broken attribution data and wasted ad budget.
Poor observability:
Popular tools like Google Tag Manager provide no way to check whether tracking is still working, resulting in
costly bugs that remain undiscovered.
Cluttered configurations:
Operators often loose grip on their tracking setup after years of uncoordinated updates, resulting in a clutter of pixels, tags, and first-party integrations across multiple platforms.
Lack of developers:
Many ecommerce teams don't have in-house devs, making it infeasible for them to integrate with existing CDP tools such as Segment.
Solution: Accurate auto-tracking
Converge tracks all important events automatically – across the browser, store backend and subscription platforms. No technical expertise required.
Because conversions are being tracked on the store backend rather than the browser, Converge can track 100% of conversions and forward these to relevant ad platforms and analytics tools.
Unlike Segment or other CDPs, Converge allows non-technical ecommerce operators to set this tracking up in minutes.
Once tracking is set up, Converge aggregates data from all sources and provides a single overview of ecommerce KPIs.
Users can also break down attribution metrics across channels, campaigns, adsets, and even ads, showing what is driving growth on a granular level.
Our ask
Sign up for
Converge
today and test it for free!
If you know any
ecommerce brands or agencies
, we would love to chat!
See All Launches ›