Home
›
Launches
›
Craftwork
60
🏠 Craftwork - The easy way to paint your home
Book and manage your next home painting project online
Tim Griffin
Craftwork
8 days ago
Embed
https://craftwork.com/
#
consumer
#
proptech
#
construction
Craftwork
is a home painting company that builds software to make it easy for homeowners to book and manage their home painting projects. We then deploy trained, full-time employees to paint our customers’ homes.
The Problem
Today, it’s hard for homeowners to locate and hire home service providers, because contractors don’t use technology and rely on outdated employment models to operate their businesses.
As a result, the process for homeowners to complete any home project is riddled with challenges - from tediously searching for a reputable contractor, to coordinating multiple walkthroughs of their home, reviewing quotes, selecting a provider, agreeing to terms, scheduling the work, and enduring price and timeline changes before the work is finally completed - each step is frustratingly manual, unpredictable, and outdated.
The Solution
At Craftwork, our coupling of a vertically integrated business model with best-in-class software allows us to deliver an unparalleled experience to homeowners.
Our unique approach puts homeowners in control - from getting an estimate online with transparent pricing, to scheduling their projects and exploring our color selection tools, to meeting the team that will paint their homes and understanding what to expect when we arrive - we’re establishing a standard of transparency, accountability, and trust that simply can’t be matched.
As homeowners we’ve experienced first-hand just how difficult it can be to hire quality contractors. We believe that by building software to simplify the homeowner experience and streamline internal operations, we’ll disrupt the $500B+ home services market and grow to become the largest residential general contractor in the country.
The Team
We’re all former founders and early-stage team members with experience successfully scaling operations-heavy technology startups.
Tim is a two-time YC founder whose last startup
Odeko
(S19) is currently #115 on Y Combinator’s list of
top companies
.
Mike was the founder of
Smpl
, a co-working management app that was acquired in 2020.
Suzanne led people operations at two YC startups -
Plato
(W16) and
CareRev
(S16) - where she managed large scale team growth.
Joey built and sold his OOH advertising company before scaling
Zoomo
from a seed-stage company to the global leader in their category.
The Ask
If you have friends or family in the Charlotte, NC area we would really appreciate you sharing Craftwork with them. We’re offering $100 off when homeowners book a project with us by August 31st - they can go to
craftwork.com/summer
to get an estimate for their projects!
Read more on
Axios
See All Launches ›