Home
›
Launches
›
Drift Bio
37
Drift Bio: The operating system for life sciences data
We make software to get life sciences data into the cloud and manage bioinformatics workflows
Evan Zimmerman
Drift Bio
6 months ago
Embed
https://driftbio.com
#
b2b
#
saas
#
biotech
#
genomics
Drift Bio
is the next-generation tool for life sciences organizations to manage and analyze their data.
Who are we? We’re Evan and Len, the cofounders of Drift. We’re passionate about life sciences and the ability of software to transform the way life sciences do business by fixing their software.
Why life sciences software?
The practice of life sciences has undergone more change in the past decade than the past century. Today, life sciences companies have to analyze large amounts of data without clear best practices, and this work is often done by hand and requires software engineering to scale. Data scientists lived that way too, ten years ago–but now they have tools to help them manage their overhead and output 10x more than their predecessors. Life sciences practitioners deserve the same.
The amount of analysis life sciences companies have to do is dizzying. Genomics, flow cytometry, scRNA, PCA, CRISPR, proteomics (do you prefer DDA or DIA?), and more. People need answers and breakthroughs. Software that requires life sciences companies to deal with this headache, instead of abstracting it away and scaling it across their whole organization, is a key bottleneck to success.
Great, so how does Drift help?
Drift is a platform that is specifically tuned for life sciences organizations. We help you scale your work and make it easy to use.
How? We help you access popular open source tools, manage your workflows (even with custom code across several languages!), get into the cloud, store your data, share it with collaborators, and more, all without having to manage environments or clusters. All that in just one platform.
At its core, Drift is a platform for data that creates different entry points for everyone across any life science organization to get their data in the cloud, analyze it, and make their work reproducible in a shareable way. We do this through our in-house management tools, which you can use to access popular open-source libraries or deploy your own software IP. By using Drift, it is all in the cloud and easy to use. And without even having to change your code, you can turn it into a GUI so that others can use the software.
How do I get started?
If you work at a life sciences organization, we want to talk to
you
! Tell us about your use case and we’ll tell you how Drift can help. Email us at
team@driftbio.com
to talk.
And if you are a bioinformatician who wants to contribute, or you know someone who does, please send them our way too.
Thank you!
See All Launches ›