Home
›
Launches
›
Eden Care
15
Eden Care - Digital health insurance for employers in Africa
We save HR/Admin teams and employees time and money while delivering a delightful healthcare experience
Moses Mukundi
Eden Care
a month ago
Embed
https://www.edencaremedical.com/
#
insurance
#
health_insurance
#
health_&_wellness
Tl;dr:
Eden Care offers digital health insurance to employers in Africa. Our tech tools automate the healthcare benefits process resulting in a delightful experience that saves time and money for HR managers and their employees. Check out
Eden Care
today.
—
Hello, I am Moses Mukundi, and my team and I are building
Eden Care
. We are on a mission to provide access to affordable quality healthcare to 100 million people in Africa and other emerging markets. See some of our team below:
Problem: Underserved
15 million Africans slip into poverty every year due to a large medical bill yet health insurance penetration, the best solution for this pain, sits at 0.2% — 10x lower than emerging market peers. This $10 billion industry hasn’t modernized (manual, limited customer insights, and high fraud waste and abuse) and has largely focussed on large companies and high network individuals, leaving out the majority of Africans. There’s a need for a new solution for Africans to increase health insurance uptake.
Our Solution: Digital infrastructure that automates the entire value chain
Eden Care is a full-stack licensed health insurer. We are building a technology platform that provides an intuitive, seamless member experience, and leverages the power of personalized data. Our ultimate goal is to bend the cost curve by guiding members to the right care at the right time and at the right value.
Eden Care has built digital tools for its stakeholders.
For HR teams
, we provide them with a portal to easily manage the health benefits of their team.
For employees and their dependents
, we provide them with an app that helps them access and navigate healthcare, participate in Eden Care’s wellness and prevention program, and earn/redeem rewards.
For service providers
, we have provided an end-to-end digital tool that enables them to quickly serve our members and digitally complete all their processes on our system — eliminating the majority of manual processes and paper, automating the majority of the tasks, and saving time and money.
With this data-rich view, we can automate >90% of all back-end insurance processes enabling us to deliver real-time feedback and decision-making, personalized health nudges, intervene earlier in the healthcare chain to prevent fraud, waste, and abuse, deliver better underwriting, and better products more relevant to user needs.
The opportunity: Right time to build Eden Care
310 million Africans will be middle class by 2030. By 2040, 60% of African countries will transition to middle-income and out-of-pocket spend in healthcare is projected to increase 6x in the next 2 decades. SMEs will account for 40% of all employment in Africa, and 65% of all phones in Africa will be smartphones by 2025. The macro-economics underpinning large digital financial services players are in place in Africa, and we are focused on being the dominant insurance and value-added financial services player in Africa and other emerging markets.
Ask: How you can help us
Share this post! Please help spread the word, as you never know who it may help.
See All Launches ›