Home
›
Launches
›
Ergomake
78
🧚 Ergomake - Deploy a staging environment for every pull request
Whenever engineers push changes, we deploy their entire application and send them a link.
Lucas da Costa
Ergomake
6 days ago
Embed
https://ergomake.dev
#
b2b
#
devops
#
developer_tools
TL;DR Ergomake creates a staging environment for each pull request. Every time an engineer pushes changes, we deploy their entire application and send them a link to see it. Our customers use Ergomake for QA, product, and design reviews before any code gets merged.
Hey everyone! We're Lucas and Lucas (yes, Lucas²), the founders of
Ergomake
.
Ergomake creates a new staging environment every time engineers push changes
, making reviews much quicker and easier and helping teams avoid shipping broken changes.
❌ The problem: staging is a bottleneck.
Engineers must ship code to a staging environment whenever they need feedback from QAs, designers, and product managers.
The problem with this approach is that
teams usually have only one staging environment
. Therefore,
engineers scramble to see who will use staging or end up merging changes before anyone else sees them
.
Consequently, teams slow down, applications break, or undesirable code gets shipped
.
When that happens, engineers rush to fix the broken code already merged. For that, they must go through the whole review process again, which is a massive waste of time and money.
💡 The solution: everyone gets their own staging.
With Ergomake, every change gets deployed to a new staging environment.
That way, engineers can get input from the rest of their team without queueing to use staging.
Additionally, by getting reviews
before
deploying code, teams avoid merging all sorts of undesirable changes. Consequently, they avoid bugs and reduce rework by keeping
main
always working.
With Ergomake, teams can merge straight into
main
because they do all their manual testing and validations within their pull requests. Therefore, these teams avoid complicated branching strategies and painful integration cycles.
⚙️ How does it work?
Ergomake integrates with GitHub and gets notified whenever someone opens a pull request.
When that happens, Ergomake uses the
docker-compose.yaml
file within the repository to deploy your application on our infrastructure.
Once Ergomake has spun everything up, it adds a comment to the pull request containing the link to test your application.
Our previews can include databases, and they support all types of projects, including those spread across multiple repos.
➡️ The ask: sign-up now (there's a free tier)
You can sign-up for Ergomake at
app.ergomake.dev
.
There, you'll be able to configure previews for any repositories you want for free.
If you prefer, we're happy to do all the integration for you or hop on a call and guide you through the process
. If you think that could be helpful,
book an intro call here
.
For anything else,
we're also on Discord
.
See All Launches ›