Home
›
Launches
›
Fabius
62
📈 Fabius - Unlock the power of your sales process and drive urgency to win more deals
We score every opportunity against your unique sales process by analyzing call recordings
Andy Day
Fabius
5 months ago
Embed
https://fabius.io
#
ai
#
b2b
#
saas
#
sales
#
generative_ai
TL;DR
- Fabius helps sales leaders take the guesswork out of their sales pipeline by providing visibility into their sales process. For individual reps, we provide just-in-time feedback to reps to help drive urgency and win more deals.
Hey everyone, we’re
Neil
and
Andy
and we’re thrilled to announce the launch of
Fabius
.
🫣 The Problem: B2B sales teams are often blind to how their sales process works in practice.
Despite having a well-defined process (like MEDDPICC), sales reps can often overlook key information, and view deals with rose-colored glasses.
Identifying pain, driving urgency, and gaining access to power are critical to successful B2B sales - especially in today’s market! Without visibility into their process, sales leaders struggle to make accurate forecasts, identify deals that are off-track, and onboard new reps effectively.
🔎 The Solution:
Fabius uses data from customer intelligence tools like Gong and Chorus to overlay your company's sales methodology with what's happening in the field, leveraging LLMs to extract the ground truth around your opportunities. We score every deal against your company’s tailored sales process so you can replicate what works again and again.
For sales leaders
- this gives unparalleled visibility into their sales processes, so they can improve their forecasts, help course correct deals which are missing key steps in their methodology, and ramp up sales reps faster.
For individual reps
- they get just-in-time feedback on their sales calls to help them drive urgency and win more deals.
We believe that Fabius is the best way to take the guesswork out of sales and help sales teams become more efficient and productive. We are excited to get started and look forward to helping B2B sales teams succeed!
Our Asks!
Sign up for our waitlist by emailing
founders@fabius.io
!
Share this post with anyone who might need this (think Sales Leaders, CROs, etc)
Chat with us! If this problem / solution space is interesting to you, we’d love to chat. Book time on
our calendar
!
See All Launches ›