Home
›
Launches
›
Fairway Health
295
Fairway Health - Process prior authorization faster
We use LLMs to analyze long (70+ page), messy medical records and determine if a patient is eligible for a treatment.
Moses Im
Fairway Health
4 months ago
Embed
https://www.fairwayhealth.co/
#
ai
#
b2b
#
healthcare
#
health_tech
#
health_insurance
TL;DR
Fairway Health is an AI assistant for health insurers to quickly process patient treatment authorizations. We use LLMs to analyze long (70+ page), messy medical records and determine if a patient is eligible for a treatment.
What is Prior Authorization?
Prior Authorization is a process where physicians must obtain approval from a patient’s health insurance plan before a specific treatment or medication is delivered. This process can take an
average of 2-14 days, with some cases taking upwards of 15-31 days
. This prevents patients from receiving necessary treatments in a timely manner. The entire healthcare industry is also projected to
spend $36 billion each year
in administrative costs for this process.
This process for health insurance is still manual and inefficient:
Patient documents sent to health insurance are a mess and can be a
70-100+ page fax.
Health insurance companies have to
allocate more headcount to try and manually check these documents
against their medical necessity criteria, costing them millions each year.
How it works:
We speed up the medical eligibility determination for health insurers. We ingest patient documents + criteria from health insurance plans and use LLMs to output an approval/denial decision with justification based on an evaluation of each sub-criteria. We also highlight the context within the medical document that informed the decision to allow for easy review.
Our ask:
Are you in health insurance or do you know anyone in health insurance? Ping us at
moses@fairwayhealth.co
. We would love to get connected and hear if we can help speed up your medical necessity determination process.
See All Launches ›