Home
›
Launches
›
Finex
23
Finex - All-in-one financial platform for e-commerce
We use data from storefronts and payment processors to power our analytics, banking services, and credit cards.
Uladzislau Radkevich
Finex
4 months ago
Embed
https://getfinex.com
#
saas
#
fintech
#
neobank
#
analytics
#
e-commerce
⭐
Team with an unfair advantage in fintech, analytics, and product development
We met during an online hackathon a year ago and won three out of three hackathons together.
Ulad
has a computer security background and spent the last three years as a Lead Software Engineer at Revolut. During his time there, he scaled the payments infrastructure from 1 million to over 20 million users. Prior to that, he worked for UBS, a bank with $3 trillion in assets under management, where he built a system that provides clients with insights about their portfolios.
Andrew
has an analytics background and has consulted for major technology firms such as Google, Accenture, and Cisco. He helped build out the mobile application and analytics for two e-commerce companies, Levi Strauss and FastAF. He also built global teams while running his own software agency.
👀
E-commerce finances distributed across multiple platforms
Traditional banks and general-purpose neo-banks often use a "one-size-fits-all" approach in their offerings, which means they don't understand or care about the specific needs of individual customers. This is why many e-commerce businesses have to use multiple platforms to satisfy their financial needs.
A typical financial stack for a regular e-commerce business includes:
Banking: Mercury, Brex, Chase
Credit Cards: Parker, Ramp, AmEx
International Transfers: Wise, Remitly, Payoneer
Analytics: Google Sheets, Lifetime, Tydo
Payment Gateway: Stripe, PayPal
At Revolut, we noticed that there are many benefits in managing all your finances in one place, it provides a better understanding of your cash flow and helps make smarter decisions.
🚀
Finex is a single platform for all e-commerce finances
Together, we are launching our all-in-one financial platform for e-commerce, Finex. Our platform offers:
FDIC-insured bank account with up to 4% APY
domestic and international payments with market-leading FX rates
connection to your favorite e-commerce services to have real-time visibility of all your finances on our dashboard
unlimited virtual credit cards for all your business expenses
We would love to hear from you if you know any e-commerce business owners or are interested in partnering with us! Please don't hesitate to reach out to us at
ulad@getfinex.com
.
See All Launches ›