Home
›
Launches
›
Finta
26
📘Finta: Accounting platform for startups
Manage bookkeeping, taxes, and get financial insights in one app
Andy Wang
Finta
6 hours ago
Embed
https://www.finta.com/
#
b2b
#
saas
#
finance
#
enterprise
TL;DR
Finta
is an accounting platform that lets founders and operators easily manage bookkeeping, taxes, and get financial insights - all in one app.
Finta replaces your bookkeepers, Quickbooks, and Google Sheets.
Problem
1. Expensive bookkeepers with deceptive billing practices
Starts at $700+/month for startups
Price goes up based on expenses, not value
Charge to bank account directly without notice
2. Repeated questions, mistakes, and late results
Asks repeatedly simple about categorizing expenses
Asks accounting questions that they should be educating you on
Put you on tax extensions and don’t file by the April deadline
Deliver financial results 3 weeks after the month ended
3. Dealing with multiple people and tools
Introduced to a new person on your account every month
Paying for Quickbooks, but you don’t use it
4. After all this, still can’t understand your finances
Can’t get accurate results on cash, burn, runway
Don’t understand why financials went up or down
No visibility into your revenue or expenses
Solution
1. Transparent and fairly-priced
Flat price per year, does not increase until your next funding round
Includes monthly bookkeeping, taxes, and insights
2. Accurate results on time, and proactive on your taxes
No repeated or common-sense questions, unless we’re not sure
You’ll never do anything manually. We value your time.
Monthly bookkeeping within the first few days
Taxes are always on file time and get proactive notices
3. All-in-one platform
We built accounting from the core, not a layer
Actual software, not a form or messaging webapp
4. Source of truth for your financials
Easily connect with tools you already use
Modernize your finance tech stack
Frequently Asked Questions
How does Finta differ from bookkeepers like Pilot?
They do your bookkeeping in Quickbooks. Finta replaces both bookkeeping and taxes, and gives you way more financial insights.
How does onboarding work for Finta?
Sign up, integrate, and that’s it! It’s at most 10 minutes.
What if I already have a bookkeeper that manages Quickbooks?
It’s the same process to onboard. Finta will actually enrich the data that Quickbooks can’t pull from your existing finance tools.
What’s the risk of not using Quickbooks?
No VC or customer will ever require you to be on Quickbooks. In fact, no one likes Quickbooks.
If, for whatever reason, you need to go back to Quickbooks, we’ll provide white-glove service for free and help you migrate. However, you’ll lose transaction details because of Quickbooks’ limitations.
What taxes do you handle?
Finta handles everything from franchise and income taxes at the city, state, and federal levels. Finta also provides R&D tax credit services.
How frequently are my results?
We’re aiming to give you a real-time dashboard. As of today, we deliver bookkeeping and financial reporting every month.
Get Finta
Visit
www.finta.com
or send me an email at andy at finta dot com
See All Launches ›