Home
›
Launches
›
Firstbase.io
12
Firstbase Agent – Payroll Tax Registration & Ongoing Compliance for startups
Compliance-in-the-box for scaling companies: automate annual reports, franchise tax filings, payroll tax registrations, and get help with federal tax filings.
Mark Milastsivy
Firstbase.io
7 months ago
Embed
https://firstbase.io/
#
b2b
#
saas
#
legaltech
Hi YC! I’m so excited to announce the launch of our new product.
Firstbase Agent handles your company's ongoing compliance in every state, so you can focus on scaling.
We are launching with three new plans:
Agent Light ($99/year)
– appoint Firstbase as your registered agent in every state where you operate, receive and view notices from the government, and get reminders about compliance events, such as annual reports, franchise tax filings, and more. It’s a better, more automated registered agent product for growing startups.
Need more that just reminders? Meet Agent Autopilot and Agent Payroll!
Agent Autopilot ($299/year)
– get everything from Agent Light + put all ongoing filings on autopilot. Firstbase will generate and file your annual reports, franchise tax reports, and more.
Special offer for foreign founders
: if you purchase Autopilot, and appoint us as your Agent in the state of incorporation, you will get access to a self-service tool for forms 5472 & pro-forma Form 1120 for FREE! So if you are a foreign-owned US entity with filing obligations in the US, you will be able to file it directly from your Firstbase dashboard!
Agent Payroll ($599/year)
– register for payroll in any of the 50 states to hire employees compliantly. Get payroll account numbers. Put ongoing compliance – and all filings – in each of those states on autopilot.
Agent Payroll also includes a feature called Track (launching in Q1 2023) – we will retrieve all notices, balances and more, directly from your online accounts with each of the states and display them in your Firstbase dashboard.
Sign up as an existing business here:
https://www.firstbase.io/agent
or use Firstbase Start to launch a new company:)
Also email me with any questions:
mark@firstbase.io
PS Each plan will require you to appoint us as your registered agent so we can process filings on your behalf, take care of your compliance, and give you access to all features. If you already appointed someone as your registered agent in one of the states where you are purchasing Agent, we will take care of the change-of-agent paperwork during onboarding, free of charge.
See All Launches ›