Home
›
Launches
›
FlexDesk
23
FlexDesk - Booking engine for coworking space
We help companies book, manage, and track their spend on coworking space
Clark Jacobs
FlexDesk
6 months ago
Embed
https://www.flexdesk.com/
#
b2b
#
hr_tech
#
proptech
#
marketplace
#
remote_work
👋 Hey everyone, we’re
Clark
&
Dhanvi
from FlexDesk.
Tl;dr:
Through FlexDesk, your employees can search and book from a network of 7,000+ coworking locations worldwide. For employers, FlexDesk makes it easy to create spend policies, track bookings, and streamline billing across all employees, geos, & brands.
🥴 Problem
1 - Search and discovery:
The coworking landscape is fragmented. Less than 65% of people live within a 50 mile radius to a WeWork location. 75% of workers have experienced it taking longer than 30 minutes to identify and book a coworking space.
2 - Spend controls and tracking:
It is currently hard to create and enforce standardized spend/booking controls. Companies have reported employees renting $400+ daily conference rooms to serve as their ‘personal office’.
3 - Payments:
Employees are currently required to pay for each booking using a credit card and submit for reimbursement. This is cumbersome for both employees and the company’s Accounting department, especially when dealing with multiple currencies.
🔥 Solution
1 - Booking engine:
Search and rent from a network of 7,000 coworking locations worldwide - including WeWork, Regus, and thousands of local brands.
2 - Compliance + system of record:
Create and enforce custom booking/spend policies. Track and analyze all bookings to inform and refine coworking strategy.
3 - Streamlined billing:
One bill across all employees, geos, and brands.
💵 Bottom line impact
FlexDesk is a
win-win-win
across all major stakeholders at a company.
For Real Estate teams:
Eliminates manual work that previously took up 15% of their workweek.
For Finance teams:
Unlocks 10% savings compared to going direct with a single coworking brand. Unlocks 60%+ savings compared to a traditional lease strategy.
For People teams:
Empowers employees with the freedom of choice to find a coworking space that fits their needs and within a short commute.
🤔 Why do companies use coworking space?
Distributed workforce:
Hiring across the US/world, while simultaneously downsizing and even exiting office leases given low utilization + high opex.
Dynamic space needs:
Established an ongoing need to support employees with space for in-person collaboration, to meet with clients, and to escape WFH.
Flexible and cost-efficient:
Coworking space offers companies the flexibility to address each of these needs at a significantly lower cost than a traditional lease.
Enter FlexDesk to offer spend controls, data visibility, and a booking engine with global coverage 🌎
😎 How to sign up
If your business
currently uses coworking space or is thinking about it
, we would love to chat with you or the appropriate person at your company. Email
clark@flexdesk.com
and
dhanvi@flexdesk.com
or schedule a meeting with us
here
.
See All Launches ›