Home
›
Launches
›
Floworks
525
Floworks: Close more deals with CRM on Slack
Update CRM, take meeting notes, get reminded of important follow-ups, send customer emails - all from Slack channels.
Sudipta Biswas
Floworks
5 months ago
Embed
https://floworks.ai/
#
nlp
#
saas
#
sales
#
generative_ai
TLDR: Floworks helps sales teams close more deals and stay on top of leads by bringing their CRMs over Slack. For example, after an important sales meeting, a rep can post the summary via slack instead of waiting to get back to their desk to log into Salesforce or HubSpot.
🤔
The Problem:
20% of every salesperson's time is spent doing CRM updates, follow-ups, and administrative tasks.
This time could have been spent doing actual sales.
Even after investing such time and effort in CRM, have you ever wondered
how many crucial follow-ups did your team miss last week?
how many valuable contacts never converted into opportunities?
how many lucrative deals slipped through the cracks because of neglected logs and updates?
👤Who is it for:
Every B2B companies starting with 2 person sales team (like founder led sales)  to 100 and beyond.
😊
The Solution:
Sales teams today live and breathe on Slack. Floworks brings your entire CRM on top of Slack.
It does so by integrating your existing CRMs like Salesforce, HubSpot and Pipedrive with your Slack workspace.
Benefits for Sales teams:
With Floworks, sales teams can set up customized flows that
Notify about critical tasks like customer follow-ups, stuck deals, escalations etc.
Keeps the team and leaders on top of high value deals in slack based dealrooms.
Alerts the team in timely manners for leads going cold.
Enable you to send customer emails, set up meetings, follow-up tasks- all from Slack.
and much more.
All our slack alerts are bi-directional in nature. What it means is that you don’t just get notified but
are also able to update, or take follow-up actions (such as moving the deal stage, sending customer emails, updating close date etc.) right from Slack.
And because it’s Slack, the whole team can instantly collaborate on the deal simplifying activities like coaching BDRs and AEs, highlighting key issues, collaborating to solve them etc.
Benefits for Salespersons:
With Floworks, sales folks reclaim
45 minutes to 1 hour everyday
, earlier spent in manual CRM updates, by:
Quickly adding contacts, accounts and deals.
Searching and updating deal status and information.
Logging meeting notes.
Seeking approval or escalate issues.
and more- all by giving natural language commands directly from Slack.
With Floworks there are no more Hubspot or Salesforce related delays. No more manager intervention and follow ups for updating CRMs.
Our customers have told us that they they are closing
15-25%
more deals every month with Floworks.
Fave features of our customers:
Getting setup in minutes with pre-built automations off the block:
Get reminded of pending tasks every morning for each deals.
Get reminded of stuck deals in custom slack channels
Add contacts and accounts into CRM on the go- directly from Slack.
Asks:
Start using Floworks immediately, and in return, we promise improved sales.
Sign up at
https://floworks.ai
.
Book a meeting with us
here
.
See All Launches ›