Home
›
Launches
›
Fuse
11
Fuse: Maximize coverage & conversions for financial account connections
Combine the best financial aggregators, increase coverage and reduce disconnections - with one unified API.
Tunde Alao
Fuse
3 months ago
Embed
https://www.letsfuse.com/
#
b2b
#
saas
#
fintech
We are Tunde, Landon, and Boateng, and we're excited to introduce
Fuse
!
TL;DR - If you're searching for better bank connection coverage, improved connection reliability, and higher bank link conversion rates for your business, Fuse makes it easy to integrate multiple financial data aggregators and choose the best one for each institution.
Schedule a 30-minute demo
to see how we can help you.
❌ The Problem
If you're building a product that requires customers to link their financial accounts, you might have integrated one financial data aggregator, only to experience the following issues:
Customers unable to link unsupported institutions (e.g. credit unions, local or community banks)
Frequent disconnections & API errors
Low conversion rates to customers linking their financial accounts
We are familiar with this pain as we spent 3 years working on a consumer fintech app that required every customer to link their bank account.
✨ The Solution
Fuse provides companies access to multiple financial data aggregators through a single integration and automatically selects the most reliable and optimally converting one for each connection. With Fuse, you can:
Support 10,000 more institutions
Reduce disconnections by 15%
Increase API success rates by 28%
Fuse provides a consistent data model for all bank integrations and handles the necessary data transformations and API quirks for you.
❤️ Favorite features of our customers
Fast integration: It takes one engineer just an afternoon to have a fully working integration, compared to months when combining aggregators in-house.
We partner with aggregators to help you get no-minimum, affordable contracts, and production API keys quickly.
Receive instant integration help and tech support via Slack from Fuse engineers.
Vast SDK availability: e.g., React, React Native, Flutter, iOS, Android, Node.js, Ruby, Python, and more.
⚡How easy is it to migrate to Fuse?
Migration is seamless due to our consistent data model resembling top aggregators, and our backward compatible endpoints that accept Fuse or aggregator access tokens, simplifying server updates.
🫶
Ask
Schedule a 30 minute demo
to see Fuse in action and learn more about how Fuse can improve your financial connections.
See All Launches ›