Home
›
Launches
›
Giga ML
26
Giga ML: Secure on-premise LLMs for enterprises
We Supercharge open-source LLMs to outperform GPT-4 for your use case.
Varun Vummadi
Giga ML
3 days ago
Embed
https://gigaml.co/
#
ai
#
generative_ai
TL;DR🔖:
Giga ML is a platform to fine-tune and deploy open-source Large Language Models (LLMs) with features such as high-speed inference, secure on-premise deployment, and OpenAI API compatibility. Our platform provides a 70% cost reduction compared to GPT-4 API, 300% faster output delivery, and fine-tuning expertise garnered from 300+ experiments. We're inviting you to compare our fine-tuned model, X1 Chat, with Chat GPT at
gigaml.co
and discover the benefits of custom fine-tuned models. Below is a screenshot of a very basic comparison:
Hi there, we're
@Esha Manideep Dinne
and
@Varun Vummadi
, co-founders of Giga ML! Today, we're excited to introduce our fine-tuning and deployment platform designed specifically for open-source Large Language Models (LLMs).
The Problem:🔍
Deploying and experimenting with open-source LLMs, such as the MPT and Llama models, is fraught with challenges. From the difficulty of fine-tuning for optimal performance to navigating intricate hyper parameters, the process is far from straightforward. On top of these technical hurdles, there's also the issue of privacy: data being processed on external servers like OpenAI's can lead to customers slipping through your fingers.
The Need:💡
Companies require a robust and efficient way to fine-tune and deploy their models without compromising on speed, cost, or privacy. They also need to be able to support varying context lengths depending on their use case. Plus, in light of Ben Fishman's recent tech talk where he revealed that fine-tuned models perform better than GPT-4 for some companies, there's a clear demand for effective fine-tuning solutions.
The Solution:🚀
Enter Giga ML - the platform designed to take the stress out of fine-tuning and deploying LLMs. We've run over 300 experiments to perfect our process, and here's how we're tackling these issues:
1️⃣
Fine-tuning
: We've cracked the code to efficient model fine-tuning and are ready to share our expertise with you!
2️⃣
High-Speed Inference
: Experience faster responses with our solutions that deliver output tokens 300% faster than the GPT-4 API.
3️⃣
Privacy
: We offer secure on-prem deployments so your fine-tuned data can be processed on-premise, maintaining your clients' trust.
4️⃣
Cost Savings💰
: Spend 70% less compared to using the GPT-4 API with an 8k prompt. We support 4k, 8k, and 16k context lengths depending on your use case.
5️⃣
OpenAI API Compatibility
: No need to rewrite your code, our API integrates seamlessly with OpenAI's.
Our Request:🙏
We're asking you to give Giga ML a try. Compare the performance of Chat GPT with our fine-tuned model, X1-Chat, at [
gigaml.co
]. If you're struggling with the cost or privacy issues of GPT-4 or facing challenges with large prompts, we might just be the solution you're looking for! You can book a meeting with us at
Talk to Founders
.
The Team:
🤝
@Esha Manideep
and I met each other in freshman year at IIT Kharagpur, and we just graduated college. I left my PhD offer at Stanford in CS and Esha left his job as a Systems Engineer at a High Frequency Trading Firm to work on Giga.
Looking forward to serving your AI needs,
Esha and Varun
See All Launches ›