Home
›
Launches
›
Gluetrail
43
✨ Gluetrail - Smart tables that trigger automated workflows
No code automation platform for data preparation & activation
Anne-Charlotte Chauvet
Gluetrail
6 months ago
Embed
https://www.gluetrail.com
#
sales
#
finance
#
analytics
#
operations
TL;DR
Gluetrail
is a no code automation platform that allows you to easily reconcile/transform/aggregate data from one or multiple sources, and use it to create actions, such as field updates in business systems, slack/email alerts, push to data warehouses or Google sheet...
Signup
here
for early access, or
book a time
to meet & discuss your use case!
🛠️ Daily operations rely too much on painful spreadsheet-based workflows
We (
Baptiste
and
AC
👋) experienced it ourselves when building account scoring with demographic and intent data, creating sales alerts on upsell potential, fixing or filling out data in CRM…
We had to constantly build, re-build and rely on spreadsheets because we had no system helping us prepare and action the data in an easy, repetitive and flexible way.
🤖 Gluetrail consolidates data preparation and activation into one platform
Gluetrail acts as a middleware between your systems,
it doesn’t store data
but only data transformation configurations and actions.
Connect to your business apps, gsheet or data warehouses
. Today, we have direct connectors to most data warehouses, Google Sheet and Analytics, Hubspot, Salesforce…
Use
our intuitive interface to reconcile and transform data without code
- lookups, aggregation, built-in formula (growth rates, % of total, forecasts…) or manual inputs…
Activate the results
: push field or record updates to business apps, slack/email alerts, Google sheet / data warehouse… triggered on demand or with a schedule.
Use cases:
We have a
template library
showing some of our use cases and allowing you to start within minutes, but you can also start from scratch.
A couple of examples our users are able to quickly build without assistance from dev/data teams:
Slack alert to BizDev & populate flag in CRM when a prospect’s web traffic grows more than X% month/month (using Similarweb + Salesforce data)
Populate an account propensity to buy score in CRM based on historical win rates by many demographic data points (using Salesforce or Hubspot data)
🚀 Give it a try!
Signup
here
for early access and we’ll get back to you asap to get started.
Or directly
book a time
with us to meet and discuss your use case!
See All Launches ›