Home
›
Launches
›
GoodCourse
28
GoodCourse - Compliance training for modern teams
Meet GoodCourse, Tik-Tok style compliance training for modern teams
Omar Mughal
GoodCourse
5 months ago
Embed
https://www.goodcourse.co
#
elearning
TL;DR
What:
TikTok-style corporate learning platform, used to train employees on compliance topics like harassment and inclusion.
How:
Sign up at
goodcourse.co
to deploy micro-learning courses which your employees actually want to take.
What clients say
: “We were blown away by the engagement rates!”
Problem and why existing solutions don’t work
Companies need to engage their employees on compliance-related topics, but employees hate e-learning. We’ve all had to click through some sort of long, deeply uninspiring course, right?
But why does employee engagement matter?
Well, beyond the moral case for a more equitable and harassment free world - negative workplace behaviors lead to lawsuits, lower productivity, and higher employee churn.
How GoodCourse works
Learners love our courses because they look and feel like the social media platforms we use every day, but you can’t 10x learner engagement with cringe-free content alone. It takes:
Peer-led content:
delivered in a way that speaks to your employees.
Learning pathways:
designed in partnership with our team of leading academics
Personalized
: content relevant to your organizational needs
Benchmarking:
across your sector to learn how to better engage your employees
Intelligent delivery:
nudges spaced across days & channels to maximize completion rates
YC Deal
Our product works best for companies that have at least a few hundred employees (usually Series C onwards). Any YC Alumni companies that
sign up on our website will get a 25% discount
on our standard rates.
We are also extending this deal to any friends of YC. If you know L&D leaders, Chief People Officers or HR Directors that would find this useful, please shoot us an email 🙏
If you have any questions, email me at
chris.mansfield@goodcourse.co
See All Launches ›