Home
›
Launches
›
GradientJ
66
GradientJ - Build and manage GPT3 🤖 applications at scale
GradientJ helps product teams deploy large language models at scale. Companies use us to create GPT3 applications and monitor them in production.
Oscar A. Martinez
GradientJ
6 months ago
Embed
https://www.gradientj.com
#
ai
#
nlp
#
aiops
#
generative_ai
#
reinforcement_learning
What is it?
GradientJ is a web application to build, compare, and deploy prompts for large language models like GPT3.
Is this for me?
GradientJ is for:
Product teams that are just
thinking of using something like GPT3
in their product and are
trying to figure out how to get started
.
Teams who are
already using LLMs
to delight their customers and are
trying to level up their workflow
with faster iteration, better organization, easy cost and performance comparisons, and the on-ramp to ~
the mythical land of fine-tuning~
.
What’s the Problem?
Currently, the
road from exciting prototype output with ChatGPT to production-ready GPT3 deployment is unclear
and littered with potential pitfalls.
Even for the teams that do get version 1 out the door,
the workflow often ends up as a stitched together hodgepodge of makeshift processes and tools.
LLM deployment is a leading cause of “am I doing this right?”-itis. Symptoms include:
A text document with examples copy-pasted into the OpenAI playground
A prompt comparison process that consists of an eyeball test followed by “looks better-ish”
Hours spent tweaking a prompt on one example only to find, in the end, it breaks on all the others
Nightmares of users getting nonsensical or offensive output from a hallucinating LLM
How do we solve it?
We made a prompt engineering interface that:
Automatically suggests starting points or improvements to your prompts.
Tracks prompt versions and benchmark examples so you can always compare and deploy the best iteration.
Deploys to your own API endpoint with automatic cost and performance tracking in one click.
The Ask:
Let us help:
If you’re trying to use LLMs like GPT3 in your application and want to discuss how to
get version 1 out the door
FAST
, we’d love to talk.
Try it out:
If you’re already using LLMs in your application, we’d love to talk.
Spread the Word:
If anyone you know is using or thinking of using LLMs, we want to turn their ideas into reality.
Drop your email here
https://forms.gle/23MosusmACYE83bq9
, email us at
founders@gradientj.com
, or jump right in and book a time to talk
here
!
See All Launches ›