Home
›
Launches
›
Hyperbound
4
🚀 Hyperbound: Hyper-personalize your sales emails at scale
Research, generate, and launch hundreds of personalized email campaigns with one click.
Atul Raghunathan
Hyperbound
5 hours ago
Embed
https://hyperbound.ai
#
b2b
#
sales
#
email
#
marketing
#
generative_ai
TL;DR
Say goodbye to generic templates—hyper-personalize your sales emails at scale with Hyperbound. Instantly research your prospects and link your company’s value prop to their specific needs.
We research prospects from 40+ web sources, including LinkedIn, Google, TechCrunch, Gartner, Crunchbase, etc., and organize domain-specific data from tools like 6sense, ZoomInfo, Clearbit, and your chosen CRM. Our AI creates individual personas for each prospect and customizes a personalized sales email campaign in your voice to address their pain points and preferred communication style. Strict guardrails ensure reliably high-quality output, ready to send with your sales enablement platforms (Outreach, Salesloft, Apollo, HubSpot, etc) without the need for additional review.
🚀 Our Team:
Hello World! We’re Atul and Sriharsha, the team behind Hyperbound! We’ve been close friends since high school. We have worked on everything from the ML behind Meta’s Ad Personalization to Salesforce’s Einstein Chatbots. We’re putting all our Salestech and NLP research experience into building the next generation of content personalization!
🧨 The Problem: Personalization isn’t scalable
Sales emails, especially for B2B sales, must be personalized
to stand out in a crowded inbox. In B2B sales, time spent at the outbound stage can have a massive ROI. More high-quality outbound emails → more chance of contacting the lead that will convert.
Personalized sales emails have at least
double
the response rate
as basic templated emails, but researching your prospects and drafting exceptional personalized sales emails takes time.
💡Our Solution: Reliably High-quality Automatic Personalization
Book a demo at:
hyperbound.ai
Research, generate, and launch hundreds of personalized email campaigns with one click
Integrate with your sales enablement tools, industry-specific data enrichment, and CRM of choice (ex: Outreach, ZoomInfo, Salesforce)
Maintain your voice — your emails sound like you!
Automatically identify personas and adjust messaging experimentally
Connect your solution with the specific pain points of each prospect for optimal engagement
Subject lines that are tuned to the psychology of each prospect
Data-driven modeling adjusts email and subject wording for each persona
Improve your custom AI engine with natural language feedback
Enjoy tough guardrails — brand-safe messaging without hallucinations
👋 Our Ask:
Reach out today to get access to our latest email personalization algorithm! Let us know if you’re interested in a pilot. Bonus points for feedback!
Have an outbound email campaign? Know anyone who does? Ask them to book a demo at
hyperbound.ai
or drop us a note at
founders@hyperbound.ai
See All Launches ›