Home
›
Launches
›
inBuild
198
inBuild - Financial automation for home builders
Spend time building, not processing documents.
Ty Sharp
inBuild
4 months ago
Embed
https://www.inbuild.ai/
#
fintech
#
payments
#
proptech
#
construction
#
ai-enhanced_learning
Hi there!
Ty
and
Ian Sharp
here from
inBuild
.
Our team is building a platform that automates the workflow of financial documents by plugging into email accounts, extracting incoming documents, and processing them all the way into existing accounting systems.
Over the last 12 months, inBuild has processed over $450M of invoice volume with over $8M flowing through the platform daily.
Customers rave about inBuild saying:
“You often hear 'under promise and over deliver'. I don't believe that is the business model of inBuild, but they continually over-deliver.“ - Joey Zikor, CFO at
Finbro Construction
Problem
Financial management should be seamless, but construction companies are faced with…
high document volumes.
no industry standardizations.
complicated approval workflows.
outdated legacy software (yuck 🤮)
Solution
A simple interface that works for you not against you, by…
ingesting incoming emails.
customizing account details.
learning from interaction.
automating document lifecycles.
Team
Ty was the CFO of a large luxury home builder and was working with real estate developers that collectively process over $250M in construction volume each year. His brother Ian was the Director of Growth at Gainfully, a Series A startup based in the Bay Area, and assisted in the company's successful acquisition.
The brothers teamed up to tackle this challenge after cold-calling over 2,000 home builders. What they learned was that a custom home takes 18-24 months to build and during that time the contractor will receive more than 18,000 invoices from vendors and subs, each with as many as 100 line items that all need to be verified and cross-checked to budgets and contracts. The process desperately needs to be automated and we have the backgrounds to make that happen.
Asks
Please reach out if you know any…
referrals to home builders
.
talented individuals looking for work
.
connections to investors
.
See All Launches ›