Home
›
Launches
›
Infisical
53
💚 Infisical - The open source secrets manager for developers
Open source, end-to-end encrypted tool that lets you securely sync secrets and configs across your team, devices, and infrastructure
Vlad Matsiiako
Infisical
5 months ago
Embed
https://infisical.com
#
b2b
#
saas
#
security
#
open_source
#
developer_tools
Hey there, this is team Infisical 🏂
Infisical
is an open-source, end-to-end encrypted platform for developers to centralize their application secrets and configs, and sync them across their whole development life cycle.
We launched 3 months ago, and already have 4.2K+ stars on GitHub, 50 contributors, and 220+ community members 🚀
Imagine this
: You add a new environment variable to your team’s codebase, push it up to GitHub, and head out for dinner. Shortly after, your teammate pulls the latest changes and everything crashes because they're missing that variable.
You come back to angry messages from your teammate and quickly send them the variable over text, risking a security vulnerability. Everything seems to be working until the next day when you deploy to production, and once again, everything crashes because you forgot to add the environment variable to the production environment.
Sounds relatable?
Problem
Secrets play a critical role in every stage of the software development lifecycle, from local development to staging, testing, and production. Even so, teams routinely run into challenges dealing with secret management:
Missing secrets across infrastructure
: Having secrets sprawled across infrastructure with no central visibility and control often leads to missing secrets. In turn, applications crash in production and developers lose precious time debugging what’s missing.
Leaking secrets to source control
: Even the biggest companies accidentally expose hardcoded secrets and .env files. When it happens, the consequences are grave.
Lacking self-hosted alternatives
: Many great solutions are not self-hostable or end-to-end encrypted, a challenge for companies requiring it. In a world where security and privacy are increasingly paramount, having these options are essential.
Solution
Infisical provides an open-source, end-to-end encrypted platform for developers to manage their application secrets and sync them across their team and software development lifecycle.
With Infisical, you can:
Securely store and deliver
application secrets to your infrastructure with integrations available for Docker, Kubernetes, AWS, Vercel, GitHub Actions, etc.
Inject secrets
into applications instead of using .env files that often get leaked.
Self-host
Infisical on your own infrastructure.
Enhance observability
of secrets and teammates with secret versioning, rollbacks, and audit logs for every action taken.
Asks
Check out Infisical at
https://infisical.com
Contact
tony@infisical.com
if your company needs help with secret management
Intros to companies that in your experience may benefit from Infisical
See All Launches ›