Home
›
Launches
›
Inkeep
160
inkeep - Conversational search for your developer product 💬🔍
Help developers do more with your product, faster.
Robert Tran
Inkeep
5 months ago
Embed
https://inkeep.com
#
saas
#
community
#
generative_ai
#
developer_tools
#
customer_support
tl;dr:
inkeep
provides conversational search for developer-focused companies. We use LLMs to understand a company’s docs, GitHub issues, Stack Overflow questions, and more to answer developer questions and increase customer activation.
Our Team:
Hi YC, we’re
Robert Tran
and
Nick Gomez
from inkeep!
We met eight years ago at MIT as undergrads. After MIT, Nick was a Senior Product Manager working on developer experiences for Microsoft’s identity products. Robert was Head of Engineering at illlumis (acquired), building large-scale data aggregation pipelines for public datasets.
With years of experience building developer-focused products, we are excited to build inkeep.
Problem:
Any blocker or unanswered question is a drop-off point
Developers evaluate a product by how easy it is to get started and use it for their use case. Optimizing this experience is the #1 goal for many developer-focused companies, but it’s hard to do well because:
Knowledge about the product is scattered across docs, GitHub issues, Stack Overflow, forums, private communities, and more.
Answering technical issues and questions at scale is hard.
Developers often prefer to self-troubleshoot.
Solution:
Conversational search powered by all your existing content
inkeep
automatically indexes all of a developer tool company’s content with zero effort required. We use fine-tuned LLMs that fully understand your product to power search and chat experiences tailored for developers.
inkeep is embeddable as a:
Search bar for your docs
Chat widget for your app or landing page
Slack or Discord bot for your community
Your developers can search or ask anything and get answers immediately. And you’ll be able to get insights on what they're getting stuck on.
Our asks:
Interested in adding inkeep to your developer product? We’d love to
show you a demo
.
Connect us with folks who are obsessed with developer experience & activation.
Get in touch at:
founders@inkeep.com
Learn more at:
inkeep.com
See All Launches ›