Home
›
Launches
›
Invitris
42
INVITRIS - Simplifying drug development & manufacturing
Our biotech platform creates the newest drugs in shortest time
Patrick Grossmann
Invitris
4 months ago
Embed
https://invitris.com/
#
biotech
#
nanotechnology
#
drug_discovery
Tl;dr
At Invitris we're creating
protein-based drugs
, such as the next generation of antibiotics. To do this at scale, we created a platform called
Phactory
, that can turn DNA into synthetic proteins. Phactory makes the development of novel protein-based drugs 10,000x more efficient and cuts down the material costs by 100x.
—
Hi everyone! This is
Kilian
and
Patrick
from INVITRIS, a Munich-based life science company.
Protein-based drugs are powerful but expensive
While only 2% of all treatments are based on protein-based drugs, these drugs generate 40% of the total drug revenue. One of the reasons why they are so expensive is that you need living cells, like bacteria, to produce them.
Handling living cells is error-prone
and
scales terribly
because you have to establish new processes for every new drug.
One platform to synthesize them all
Our universal biotech platform,
Phactory
, takes DNA and uses it to synthesize proteins in a single step. It mimics the molecular machinery you find in living cells but can be stored in conventional vessels.
This platform is based on Kilian’s groundbreaking research during his PhD, which was honored in the famous magazine
Science
and was also featured on
German national TV
!
Our primary focus area is
bacteriophages
- natural viruses that cannot attack humans but bacteria, even when those have become resistant to antibiotics. We are therefore tackling a problem that is expected to cause 25% more deaths per year than all cancers combined in the next decades:
multidrug-resistant infections
.
We believe in collaboration and partnering!
Building new protein-based products is hard. We can help each other.
We are constantly looking for
biopharmaceutical partners
seeking innovation!
Intros to companies developing antibacterial products in animal health or agriculture are also welcome!
If you
struggle with protein synthesis
in general - we can help!
Know anyone who is experienced in scaling cell-free expression under GMP? Reach out!
Any outreach is highly appreciated:
https://invitris.com/contact/
See All Launches ›