Home
›
Launches
›
InVision Medical Technology
32
InVision: AI Diagnosis of Heart Disease
InVision develops AI to streamline the interpretation of heart ultrasounds and identify undiagnosed disease.
Bryan He
InVision Medical Technology
a year ago
Embed
http://invisionmedtech.com/
#
health_tech
#
diagnostics
#
artificial_intelligence
Hello! We’re Bryan and David, the founders of
InVision
. At InVision, we develop AI tools to quickly and accurately diagnose heart disease.
Challenges in Diagnosing Heart Disease
32 million heart ultrasounds are performed in the United States each year to diagnose heart disease. Acquiring and interpreting ultrasounds is time-consuming, requiring over an hour of physician and technician time for each exam. Additionally, there exists considerable human-to-human variability when interpreting the ultrasounds, resulting in misdiagnosis and underdiagnosis of heart disease.
Our Solution
At InVision, we use AI to help streamline the interpretation of ultrasounds and identify undiagnosed diseases. Our models have been tightly integrated into the clinical workflow to allow easy usage by clinicians. We’re leading the first and only blinded randomized trial of AI technology in cardiology, and we will be presenting as a
headliner clinical trial
at the largest cardiology conference (
European Society of Cardiology
) meeting tomorrow!
About us
David majored in Statistics at Rice University, did his MD at UCSF, and did residency and fellowship training in cardiology at Stanford University. David then worked as an attending cardiologist at Cedars Sinai Medical Center, a leading heart health system which will be the first site of deployment of our technology. Bryan majored in CS at Caltech and did his CS PhD at Stanford. Together, we've worked together on this project for the last 4 years, first as a research project and now as clinical deployment of a viable product.
Where We Are
Our work has previously been peer-reviewed and published in several top medical venues, including Nature (2020), Nature Medicine (2021), Lancet Digital Health (2021), JAMA Cardiology (2022). Results from our blinded and randomized clinical trial on evaluating cardiac function have also been recently presented as a Late Breaking Clinical Trial at the European Society of Cardiology.
We are currently working on securing FDA clearance for our heart failure model and starting up clinical trials for our model screening for cardiac amyloidosis, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, and aortic stenosis.
How You Can Help
If you or anyone you know would be interested in helping out, we’d be grateful for introductions to:
Companies who have previously gone through the FDA regulatory process
Investors interested in medical technology
Hospitals and medical device manufacturers that may be interested in our product
We can be reached at
founders@invisionmedtech.com
. Thanks!
See All Launches ›