Home
›
Launches
›
Keeling Labs
27
Keeling Labs: Applied AI for batteries in the grid
We help grid-scale battery operators adapt to changes in the grid with energy management software that automatically adjusts its behavior to maximize revenue
Jack O'Grady
Keeling Labs
6 months ago
Embed
http://keelinglabs.com
Meet the Team:
I’m
Jack
, the founder of
Keeling Labs
! I started the company because I believe that batteries are crucial to enabling more renewable energy from solar and wind, and I wanted to bring applied AI to the table to help scale the deployment, efficiency, and performance of these assets.
Prior to this, I worked on battery algorithms, data, and optimization for 3+ years at Rivian, where I started the company’s Battery Data Science Team and pioneered the application of Reinforcement Learning to fast charging in the R1T/R1S.
Let’s Talk About Grid-Scale Batteries…
What’s Happening
The U.S. is deploying batteries in the grid at an insane pace, but managing them is unlike any other power asset:
They don’t make their own power
They don’t have contracts for selling power at a fixed price
Battery storage assets are constantly buying and selling power at dynamic prices, and doing that well or poorly leads to massive differences in project returns. With every new battery and renewable energy system added to the grid, though, the right thing to do shifts. Looking at planned battery additions across nearly every ISO, we can see that changes to grid dynamics will only be intensifying.
How Our Product Handles This
Rather than rely on human experience or hard-coded instructions, we make AI that learns the best way to buy and sell power specific to each battery asset – all on its own. This type of AI is called Reinforcement Learning, and it’s a paradigm shift in how we optimize hardware systems. Our product builds on the founding team’s years of experience with RL-based battery controls and optimization in the EV space.
You can read more about our technology here:
https://www.keelinglabs.com/technology
One ask
We’re looking for tech-forward industry partners to work with us as we develop an amazing product. If you have connections to the following groups, we’d love the introductions!
asset managers / battery owners
utilities
Feel free to send me a DM on LinkedIn to get in touch:
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jackogrady/
Quick Links:
Website:
https://www.keelinglabs.com
Contact Us:
https://www.keelinglabs.com/contact-us
Join Our Team:
https://www.keelinglabs.com/join-our-team
See All Launches ›