Home
›
Launches
›
Koywe
49
Koywe - The on and off ramp for crypto in Latam
Fully compliant payment APIs and SDKs to instantly start leveraging crypto to offer services like remittances, USD wallets, and investments. Growing 5x MoM!!
Ignacio Detmer
Koywe
5 months ago
Embed
https://koywe.com
#
fintech
#
payments
#
crypto/web3
Good morning, buenos días, bom dia!
TL;DR:
Koywe
provides simple, well-documented, and fully compliant payment APIs and SDKs so that any developer can instantly start leveraging crypto to offer services like remittances, USD wallets, and investments.
We’re live, with local on & off payment rails in Chile, Mexico, Colombia, and Peru, and
growing 5x MoM
! Soon we’ll be in Brazil, Argentina, and Central America.
Check out our docs
and send us an email to
founders@koywe.com
! Join the Koywe forest.
Who is building this?
Koywe
is built by us,
Ignacio Detmer
and
Guillermo Acuña
! We met over 30 years ago and have remained friends ever since.
We’ve always been passionate about building something people need, especially if it can help every Latin American thrive, founding startups for the last 15 years!
Latam needs this
Today, most Latin Americans are financially underserved, in both access to, and prices we pay for almost all financial services.
We believe crypto can solve this
, not by having expensive jpegs or mooning tokens, but by enabling
real financial applications
that settle instantly and at the cheapest fees. We want to offer the building blocks for those applications!
And
we’re not alone
in our belief! Latam has been one of the fastest growing regions in crypto adoption and the main use cases are remittances (instant settlement and cheap fees!), a hedge against inflation (stable coins ftw!), and last but not least: investments and speculation.
Real use Cases, Real Solution
There are many challenges to be solved!
It’s too hard (and expensive) to use crypto as a startup or fintech company
. Countries in Latin America are very diverse, not only in terms of its people, but also laws and regulations, institutions, and financial infrastructure. An international ramp can be as expensive as 10% per transaction, thanks to lack of liquidity, payment processor fees, and exchange rates.
This made using crypto infrastructure really difficult, until now!
Koywe Infrastructure
Koywe provides simple, well-documented, and fully compliant payment APIs (both GrapQL and REST) and SDKs so that any developer can instantly start leveraging crypto to offer services like remittances, USD wallets, and investments, at
the best local prices and fully compliant in each country
. As easy as 1, 2, 3.
For example, get a real quote to sell 1,000 USDC on Polygon and receive CLP:
curl --location --request POST 'https://api.koywe.com/rest/quotes' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
    "amountIn": 1000,
    "symbolIn": "USDC Polygon",
    "symbolOut": "CLP",
    "executable": false
}'
Try it out now!
Pro Tip
: Changing
executable
to
true
allows you to execute that quote within 10 seconds of creating it.
We make it as easy as possible.
We wrote our docs to be
very easy
to read and understand. They get updated almost every week with feedback from our dear customers.
And if APIs or SDKs are too complicated for you
(or can't be bothered with yet another integration)
, we can spin up a completely customized web view or url just for you!
In under an hour we had set up a bespoke solution for one of our DeFi customers!
The Future
We have a
long-term vision of crypto enabling even more complex use cases
, like lending, invoice discounting, and other financial services that help speed up the region's development. All in a non-custodial, fully compliant way!
Read more about our vision and why we are called
Koywe
(like the tree in Patagonia)
on our docs!
Our ask
If you're a fintech or crypto-native company,
let's talk about how we can help you grow in Latam
!
If you know a company that could use our services,
make an intro
!
You can reach us at
founders@koywe.com
for a bespoke, personalized attention (and some Latin flavors).
We promise
efficiency, no BS, and at least one laugh!
See All Launches ›