Home
›
Launches
›
langfuse
19
🪢 Langfuse - Open-source product analytics for LLM apps
Track quality, cost and latency of your LLM apps
Clemens Rawert
langfuse
5 days ago
Embed
https://langfuse.com
#
ai
#
b2b
#
analytics
#
generative_ai
#
developer_tools
⭐ Star us on
Github
& follow us on
Twitter
TLDR
:
Langfuse
is building open-source product analytics (think ‘Mixpanel’) for LLM apps. We help companies to track and analyze quality, cost and latency across product releases and use cases.
Hi everyone, we’re Max, Marc and Clemens. We were part of the Winter 23 batch and work on
Langfuse
, where we help teams make sense of how their LLM applications perform.
🤯 Problem
LLMs represent a new paradigm in software. Single LLM calls are probabilistic and add substantial latency and cost. Applications use LLMs in new ways via advanced prompting, embedding-based retrieval, chains, and agents with tools. Teams building production-grade LLM applications have new
product analytics
and
monitoring
needs:
Quality of outputs
is difficult to measure. Outputs can e.g. be inaccurate, unhelpful, poorly formatted, hallucinated or error.
Cost of compute
is a priority again given high inference costs.
Latency
of responses matters for synchronous use cases.
Debugging is challenging
due to increasingly complex LLM applications (chains, agents, tool usage).
Understanding user behavior
is difficult given open-ended user prompts and conversational interactions.
🧠 Solution
Langfuse derives actionable insights from production data. Our customers use Langfuse to answer questions such as:
‘How helpful are my LLM app’s outputs? What is my LLM API spend by customer? What do latencies look like across geographies and steps of LLM chains? Did the quality of the application improve in newer versions? What was the impact of switching from zero-shotting GPT4 to using few-shotted Llama calls?’
Metrics
Quality
is measured through user feedback, model-based scoring and human-in-the-loop scored samples. Quality is assessed over time as well as across prompt versions, LLMs and users.
Cost and Latency
are accurately measured and broken down by user, session, geography, feature, model and prompt version.
Insights
Monitor quality/cost/latency
tradeoffs
by release to facilitate product and engineering decisions.
Cluster use cases
by employing a classifier to understand what users are doing.
Break down
LLM usage by customer
for usage-based billing and profitability analysis.
Integrations
Python and Typescript SDKs to easily monitor complex LLM apps
Frontend SDK to directly capture feedback from users as a quality signal
Langfuse can be self-hosted or used with a generous free tier in our managed cloud version.
🚧 Debugging UI
Based on the ingested data, Langfuse helps developers debug complex LLM apps in production:
Inspect LLM app executions in a nested UI for chains, agents and tool usage.
Segment by user feedback to find the root cause of quality problems.
🙏 Asks
Star us on
GitHub
+ follow along on
Twitter
&
LinkedIn
.
If you run an LLM app, go ahead and
talk to us
, we’d love to see how we can be helpful.
Please forward
Langfuse
to
teams building commercial LLM applications
.
See All Launches ›