Home
›
Launches
›
LaunchFlow
139
LaunchFlow - Design, develop, deploy in VSCode
System design to deployment in seconds
Caleb Van Dyke
LaunchFlow
6 months ago
Embed
https://launchflow.com/
#
b2b
#
developer_tools
#
cloud_computing
#
machine_learning
#
data_engineering
TL;DR
LaunchFlow makes it easy for developers to build and deploy cloud infrastructure. We do this by providing a VSCode plugin that bundles all of the developer’s external tooling into a single interface.
If you’re interested, join our private beta waitlist at
launchflow.com
.
Hi all, we’re Caleb and Josh from
LaunchFlow
. Our goal is to increase developer velocity by making deployment as simple as one button click.
The Problem
While developing a real-time ML platform at Alphabet, we realized that
it often takes longer to deploy a model to production than it takes to develop the model itself
. We found that 90% of the effort was spent on connecting a multitude of frameworks and tools into a reliable system. Each framework has its own process for properly deploying to the cloud, which leads to countless delays related to
authentication
,
configuration
, and data
consistency
at scale. We created LaunchFlow to ensure the last 10% of a project doesn’t take 90% of the time.
The Solution
LaunchFlow enables the developer to build and deploy
directly inside of VSCode
. Users design their system using our novel drag & drop interface that generates templates with managed connectors included. Developers can then immediately start developing inside a local container that mirrors their system as it would be deployed on the cloud. Once finished developing, they can
deploy everything with the click of a button
. All of this is done entirely inside VSCode. We’re currently focused on real-time (streaming) processing, but will support many more workflows in the future.
With LaunchFlow
developers
will:
Reduce incidents by getting production best practices out of the box
Catch bugs before you deploy by having a local replica of their entire system
Increase their velocity by automating IO connections between popular frameworks and storage systems
Get time back by reducing the burden of their deployment pipeline
Our Ask
Join our private beta waitlist
here
.
Share this post with anyone who may be interested!
Do you have any feedback or would you like a demo? Reach out to us at
founders@launchflow.com
See All Launches ›