Home
›
Launches
›
Line.Build
228
Line: Enabling affordable building decarbonization
Line empowers contractors with tools that make building decarbonization projects affordable for their customers and boosts conversion rates
Dasha Cherepennikova
Line.Build
a month ago
Embed
https://www.line.build/
#
climate
#
payments
#
climatetech
#
construction
#
renewable_energy
Tl;dr
Line
empowers contractors with tools that make building decarbonization projects affordable for their customers and boosts conversion rates. We consolidate the thousands of rebates, incentives, and green financing options for energy efficiency upgrades, and make it easy for contractors to secure funding for their customers.
We’re looking for intros to HVAC installers and electrification services for our pilot
. And if you’re thinking about getting a heat pump, we’d love to help you find and apply for rebates and other incentives. Get in touch at
founders@line.build
The Problem
With buildings accounting for almost 40% of US GHG emissions, retrofitting for efficiency is essential to reduce emissions and load on the grid, but expensive. Over $80B of rebates, incentives and financing is available but hyper-fragmented across utilities, federal funds, grants, and green lending programs. Contractors are often responsible for helping consumers navigate this fragmented landscape - not only does their consumer demand it, but many sources of funding require it. This is leading to an increase in overhead, as they hire Ops teams and consultants to meet demand. Contractors that do not provide this service are seeing their conversion impacted, as consumers look to maximize savings.
Our Solution
Line is a single source of truth for all available funding options. By providing a few pieces of information, such as project address and scope, contractors can easily access all available incentives and financing options available to their customer. Requirements are consolidated and distilled in a simple manner and we make suggestions that help contractors maximize savings for their customers. Maximized savings, means maximized conversion!
Once the customer is ready to proceed with the project, the contractor can leverage a common application to apply for all eligible programs. We remove the hassle of navigating multiple websites, printing documents, or mailing applications.
Our platform is designed to be user-friendly, available in multiple languages, and accessible on both web and mobile devices. Additionally, we provide an API that seamlessly integrates with existing quoting tools, enhancing efficiency and convenience.
Our Backstory
Dasha and Steph have worked on payments and risk management for the last 10+ years at companies such as Airbnb, Plaid, Stripe, Asana, Gusto, and Google. We couldn’t think of a bigger risk than climate change, and wanted to find ways to help accelerate the transition to a greener and more energy efficient economy. We learned that cost is a big barrier to deploying technology such as heat pumps. We knew that funds such as utility rebates were available, but were surprised at how hard the process of discovering and applying for them is – so we decided to help solve that!
Ask: How you can help
Connect us to contractors such as HVAC installers, residential solar companies, electricians or whole home electrification contractors to try out our pilot
quick blurb to copy & paste:
Line
is a new tool that creates a single source of truth for all available funding options for home energy efficiency projects. They help access sources of funds to reduce project cost and increase conversion. Check them out at
www.line.build
or get in touch at
founders@line.build
Are you thinking about a home project such as getting a new hot water heater or heat pump? We’d be keen to help you get any rebates or incentives (email us at
founders@line.build
)
Intros to companies that build other contractor tooling such as quoting or invoicing.
See All Launches ›