Home
›
Launches
›
Magicflow 𐂂
71
Magicflow - Webflow for AI development
A no-code tool to design and run AI workflows, optimized for cost and speed
Yarden Shem Tov
Magicflow 𐂂
4 months ago
Embed
https://magicflow.ai
#
ai
#
no-code
#
developer_tools
#
workflow_automation
#
artificial_intelligence
Hey! We are
Yotam Hamiel
and
Yarden Shem Tov
, the founders of
Magicflow
!
Magicflow is a no-code drag-and-drop tool to design and run AI workflows that easily integrate into your app.
Complex workflows tend to be expensive and slow. We can optimize them for cost and speed so you don’t have to deal with the painful infrastructure work.
The Problem:
AI capabilities such as ChatGPT and Stable Diffusion are more accessible than ever. However, they still require a fair amount of technical know-how to deploy and orchestrate, particularly when combining multiple models to create optimized and cost-efficient workflows.
Our Solution:
Magicflow — a no-code AI model orchestration solution.
We provide a user-friendly playground that integrates models from top services like
HuggingFace
,
OpenAI
, and
Replicate
.
With Magicflow anyone can easily stitch together various models without requiring any DevOps or code.
Once ready to deploy, workflows are cost/speed optimized and made ready for production.
An example of a workflow built with
Magicflow
.
We came up with Magicflow by talking to our pre-pivot customers (who were mostly using us as a proxy for AI services). They told us that they needed a way to quickly iterate on their workflows, debug them and deploy them to production in a scalable and cost-efficient way.
Our goal is to provide an accessible solution, for both engineers and non-engineers, to utilize the vast AI capabilities available to enhance their own products.
Suhail (Mixpanel founder)
described it best
:
How you can help:
We’re looking to work with companies who rely on AI workflows, and are looking to make them cheaper and faster. If you know someone please contact us at
founders@magicflow.ai
See All Launches ›