Home
›
Launches
›
Magik
45
Magik - Global Fiat → Crypto OnRamp Aggregator
Onramp users from around the world | Seamlessly convert 25+ currencies to crypto in 10 lines of code
Himanshu Bamoria
Magik
6 months ago
Embed
https://magiklabs.app
Hey YC fam! We are
Mohit
,
Himanshu
,
Shiv
and
Akshat
building
Magik
.
About Magik
Magik removes the need for web3 applications to integrate with multiple onramps across different geographies. Our SDK aggregates on-ramp providers to get you better payment method coverage and best rates in more than 60+ countries
Who can use Magik
Any web3 app or wallet that requires
fiat to crypto conversions
across multiple geographies. Let’s talk:
hello@magiklabs.io
How Magik Works
Embed our widget in your own app in 10 lines of code
Your users can now pay in local payment methods like Pix, GrabPay, UPI, SEPA
Get transaction settlements in minutes to your crypto wallet or users’ wallet
We take care of KYC, AML and other legal compliances
No chargebacks ever
Why did we build Magik
While building our yield farming application, we realised it was frustrating to integrate payment methods for different geographies. Each geography has its own on-ramp providers which specialise in:
Different payment methods including local payment methods
Support for different chains & tokens
Different prices and transaction limits
Web3 apps are global by nature and their on-ramping needs are also global. So we decided to build a simple way to integrate with the best on-ramps across the globe.
Through one single integration, web3 apps can
Accept funds from their users in
60+ countries
Remove intermediate steps like buying USDC first
Get the best onramp rates
Ask from YC community
If you are a Web3 application that requires fiat to crypto conversions across multiple geographies, we can help you provide a better experience in onboarding your users.
If you have someone building a web3 application in your network, we would love to help them reach more users.
Let’s talk. Email us at
hello@magiklabs.io
or book a time at
calendly.com/hbamoria
See All Launches ›