Home
›
Launches
›
Neptyne
36
Neptyne - The spreadsheet reimagined for the AI era
Our Python-based spreadsheet is built from the ground-up for both human and AI collaboration, to go from raw data to useful insights and visualizations at lightning speed.
Douwe Osinga
Neptyne
4 months ago
Embed
https://neptyne.com
#
data_science
#
generative_ai
#
data_visualization
Hello everyone, we are Douwe and Jack, and we're the founders of
Neptyne
. We’re on a mission to create the world's most productive data platform. We really like spreadsheets and love programming and our product combines the two in quite a literal sense.
Neptyne provides a new approach to working with data that combines the ease of use of spreadsheets with the power of data science tools such as Pandas and notebooks. By leveraging AI, Neptyne makes this unified approach accessible to everyone, eliminating the limitations of spreadsheets and reducing the complexity of using advanced data tools.
So how does this work?
Of course, you can ask the AI for simple things, like ‘add a profit column’ or ‘create a map showing where the customers are’. But it really shines when you ask the AI to change existing code. If you have a complicated calculator predicting revenue that takes into account four factors, ask it to add a fifth or change the weighting.
Or let’s say you have a powerful, pandas-based pivot table that summarizes the data by product and region. With Neptyne, you can ask the AI to modify the pivot table calculation to include or exclude specific products or change the grouping criteria, such as by product category instead of an individual product. The calculations are updated in real-time, allowing you to quickly explore different options and gain new insights from the data.
It's like having a co-worker next to you who knows Python well and can help you write new code, change existing code or even explain what’s going on.
In order to learn about the appetite for a Python-based spreadsheet environment, we launched a version of Neptyne on Hacker News a few weeks ago without the AI-based features. Thousands tried the product, and from that audience, an enthusiastic group of power users emerged. They're using Neptyne to build financial trading applications, personal fitness tracking, and Twitter bot automation.
Check out
our launch post on Hacker News
for more discussion on Neptyne
Our ask:
Take 3 minutes to go through our tutorial
https://neptyne.com/neptyne/tutorial
and get inspired to build your next thing.
See All Launches ›