Home
›
Launches
›
Nirva
41
Nirva: Redefining chronic disease management
Nirva provides personalized holistic treatment plans for chronic conditions via Ayurvedic diet plans, therapeutic yoga sessions, and health coaching in the UK and the US.
Nived Narayanan
Nirva
4 months ago
Embed
https://nirvahealth.com
#
health_&_wellness
#
consumer_health_services
The Chronic illness crisis - Now or Never❌
A chronic condition is a long-term health issue like diabetes, Arthritis, etc.. that doesn’t have a complete cure. The only way to deal with them is to cultivate sustainable dietary and lifestyle habits.
Chronic conditions have always been on the rise due to changing lifestyles, dietary habits, and environmental factors. The COVID-19 pandemic has only served to intensify this alarming trend, catapulting it to new heights.
To put it in perspective, Today more than
70%
of the adult population in the US report having one or more long-term health conditions that impact their quality of life and this number is rising.
Chronic illnesses account for
75% of all healthcare expenses
in the US.
Although genetics play a role, most chronic illnesses are influenced by social determinants of health, such as sleep, diet, fitness, and stress. The power to make a difference lies largely with the individual.
In order to solve this problem, we need to shift the agency. So far the agents of healthcare have been doctors, nurses, and paramedics and the venue of healthcare has been hospitals and clinics and this needs to shift. The agent has to be the individual themselves and the venue has to be wherever the individual is, the home, their office, or wherever else.
What’s the problem with Chronic condition management now?
I’ll walk you through the problems of the existing approach through the
story of our client👩🏻
Jennifer who is a lawyer in London.
She has a busy life and started experiencing peri-menopause symptoms like gut issues and hot flashes at 50.
She took medication but they only gave her temporary relief.
The symptoms kept on coming back and this affected her family and work life causing a lot of stress for her.
Her mental health took a toll and that impacted her physical health.
She became trapped in a vicious flywheel, where her declining mental health fueled her physical deterioration, and vice versa.
Our Solution✅
Jennifer joined our program.
She received personalized Ayurvedic diet plans based on her body type. Through the program, she learned healthy diet habits and how to eat food in the right way, discovering the power of food as medicine.
Jennifer had a dedicated health coach who kept her motivated and supported her throughout her healing journey. She also did 1-1 therapeutic yoga sessions that were tailor-made for her condition. These sessions not only provided physical exercise but also helped her calm down in a way that a normal yoga session wouldn't.
In addition to this, Jennifer had access to a community of supportive women who were going through the same phase as her, creating a sense of belonging and support.
Our Nirva app helped Jennifer stay accountable to her goals through customized progress tracking. The app provided her with a gamified healing experience and helped her build sustainable dietary and lifestyle habits.
With consistent effort, Jennifer's symptoms subsided within just 3 months. She gained control over her health and her life, and we couldn't be happier to have been a part of her journey.
Our customer love is Insane-Don’t have to take our word for it. Check it out yourself.
Watch Client Testimonials
Tell me more! Really? 😁Cool, let me share our results.
Our success in treating gut issues and managing menopause symptoms is a testament to the power of this approach.
Help us by
Letting your friends and family know about us!
Is anyone you know suffering from gut health issues or joint issues? Or do you have women in your life struggling with menopause symptoms? Help them connect with us. Book a
free consultation
with our health coach or DM us on our Instagram account-
@nirvahealth
Helping us connect with startups that could benefit from partnering with us
We would love to connect and explore potential collaborations.
Investors connect
We're raising the seed round for Nirva. If you believe the future of healthcare should move away from reactive treatments and focus on proactive wellness, reach out to us. Please reach out to
nived@nirvahealth.com
!
See All Launches ›