Home
›
Launches
›
Northwind
12
Northwind - Teledermatology for Psoriasis and Eczema
Custom medical treatments for Eczema, Psoriasis and dry skin in 12 hours, at 5x cheaper cost
Johannes Vermandois
Northwind
10 months ago
Embed
https://northwindskin.com
#
healthcare
#
health_tech
#
telemedicine
#
digital_health
#
consumer_health_services
Today we’re launching
Northwind
, the Teledermatology service for Psoriasis and Eczema in the US.
At Northwind we combine technology at scale with highly efficient therapeutic treatments to give 31 million Americans better specialized skincare faster, at a fraction of the cost they’re used to.
Northwind provides custom treatments and on-going support from board certified dermatologists, with efficacy and affordability that doesn’t exist among legacy over-the-counter brands. The number one issue facing 31 million American patients today is slow access to quality treatment and spending hundreds of dollars on copayments.
It takes an average of 4 months to see a licensed dermatologist and get help -
Northwind cuts time to receiving a treatment plan to under 12 hours, while reducing monthly out-of-pocket costs for patients with 5X.
Here’s how it works
1.
Patients register and go through our
skin test
, uploading pictures of their affected skin
2.
In under 12 hours the patient receives a recommended medical treatment from our Board Certified dermatologist providers
3.
Monthly checkpoints where patient uploads progress pictures and treatment is adjusted based on feedback and results.
Northwind’s Core Treatments
Formulas developed with 16.000 patients
24 hour skin barrier technology
Calms inflammation, relieves irritation and itchiness
Lightning quick absorption
Dermatologically tested
Ingredients supported by clinical studies
Vegan formulas with 92% self-reported efficiency
Designed in Sweden, Manufactured in America
With our service we empower patients to live a life free of the burden of their disease that causes pain, stigma, loss-of-work, and self-doubt. Our product line is unique in it’s patient-focused approach, the natural, clinically tested ingredients and it’s high efficiency.
I started Northwind after 20 years of suffering from severe Psoriasis,
to serve patients like myself with empathy, efficiency and speed
- inspired by the struggle of my own lifelong journey as a patient, determined to offer patients a better alternative.
15.000 patients have signed up for our launch as we go live in 47 American states, and we welcome anyone with a chronic skin condition to
take our skin test
and get your Northwind treatments today!
See All Launches ›