Home
›
Launches
›
Numeral
37
Numeral - Ecommerce sales tax on autopilot
We do everything from registration to remittance.
Sam Ross
Numeral
4 months ago
Embed
https://numeralhq.com/
TLDR: Numeral automates sales tax compliance for ecommerce stores. We do everything from registration to remittance.
Problem
:
In 2018, the
Supreme Court ruled
that states can require out-of-state merchants to charge sales tax.
This means Shopify stores are now required to register with up to 47 state agencies and potentially submit 47 monthly filings.
Additionally, there are over 13,000 local jurisdictions, each with their own complex set of rules and rates.
In Iowa, for example, Snickers bars are taxed, while Twix bars are tax-exempt because they contain flour. 🙄
The current solutions are confusing, self-serve products that offer little to no service.
Solution:
Numeral automates the entire process for ecommerce sellers. Just connect your Shopify, Amazon, or other store and we handle the rest.
Registration: We can register companies in all 47 sales tax charging states.
Monitoring: We monitor for sales tax rate changes and automatically adjust your tax settings.
Filing: Lastly, we submit tax returns & payments on your behalf.
Why us?
Kevin
- Kevin is a licensed CPA in the state of California. After working in Big 4 Accounting, Kevin went on to start multiple ecommerce businesses. Kevin and Sam co-own a Shopify brand that does $10M+ in annual revenue.
Sam
- Sam ran his own bootstrapped e-commerce studio that generated over $50M in revenue over the last 4 years. He previously worked in growth & product roles at Airbnb (W09) and Teespring (W13).
Jake
- Previously, Jake worked as an engineer at one of YC’s earliest ecommerce marketplace companies, Teespring (W13). Since then, he’s gone on to be an engineer at Snapdocs (W14) and an engineering manager at Alto Pharmacy.
Want to learn more?
If you know any Shopify or ecommerce owners in general, we’d love to help get them compliant.
You can schedule a call with us here directly:
link to Calendly
, or email us at
hello@numeralhq.com
.
Check us out at:
https://www.numeralhq.com/
See All Launches ›