Home
›
Launches
›
Omnistrate
550
Omnistrate - Cloud platform to SaaSify your open-source project 🚀
From your docker image to your multi-cloud SaaS in 1 minute
Kamal Gupta
Omnistrate
4 months ago
Embed
http://www.omnistrate.com
#
b2b
#
saas
#
infrastructure
#
developer_tools
#
cloud_computing
✨ TL;DR
Omnistrate is a control-plane as-a-service that
transforms your docker image into a multi-cloud SaaS service
. Let’s say you have an open-source software (e.g. MongoDB), and you want to monetize your invention by building a multi-cloud SaaS solution (e.g. MongoDB Atlas), you can either spend years doing it yourself, or use Omnistrate to do it in no time.
Hello everyone - it’s Kamal and Alok here introducing
Omnistrate
!
🤯 Problem
Going from Software to SaaS can
take months or even years
. Moreover, it can take several attempts for enterprises to find their product-market fit making it
extremely costly
to experiment.
Cloud is
complicated
with so many different services, cloud providers, and a rapidly evolving landscape.
Building a SaaS service from scratch to do undifferentiated heavy-lifting
distracts
enterprise from the core innovation and adds significant
risk
to their business.
💡 Solution
Omnistrate makes it
simple, quick
and
cost-effective
, saving years of development time and resources. And we do this, for every cloud provider across the globe out of the box.
Omnistrate abstracts away all the cloud complexities and make it
super
easy
to build cloud-native services.
In a fast moving world, enterprises need a platform that allows them to
successfully experiment
, without shifting their focus or taking a massive business risk.
📜 Our Story
I was part of the AWS founding team, and built
more than half-a-dozen cloud services
over the years (2007-2020) across different domains. During my early days at AWS, I was one of the
original authors of AWS control plane
that was used to host open-source technologies by numerous AWS services.
Alok and I met at AWS Aurora when I was running the database engineering for a
billion dollar SaaS business
, managing millions of databases. Alok was the original technical author of Aurora Serverless, which revolutionized the data systems space. He then went to Cisco to scale networking pipeline (packets-per-second) on AWS by 10-15x.
We reunited again at Confluent in 2020 where I ran the Kafka engineering at Confluent and grew their multi-cloud Kafka offering to
200MM+ ARR business managing over 100,000 containers
. Alok played a key role there in scaling Kafka Cloud throughput by 5x, and reducing Kafka Cloud latencies by 10x to really distinguish Confluent Kafka offering from other vendors.
With Omnistrate, we want to
share our learnings into a fully automated platform
by getting rid of the undifferentiated work and making it simple for anyone to build a SaaS service.
⚒️ How it works
You start by simply bringing your docker image. Omnistrate, from then on, will seamlessly build your SaaS and runs it on auto-pilot. At every step of the process, you retain full control, the ability to innovate on your product and the ability to integrate with your favorite tools or services.
🫶 Ask
If you are
looking to SaaSify your open-source (or any other software)
, please sign-up
here
and we will create an account for you to provide a white glove experience. We will then come on a quick call to get you up and running in a few minutes.
If you know someone who could benefit, please reach out to us at:
founders@omnistrate.com
If you are excited about the SaaS space, please join our
Slack
community
⭐️ Our YC deal:
You pay for what you use. In addition, all YC companies will get the first 3 months free and additional 75% off for the next 9 months. For any questions on the deal, please reach out to us at
yc@omnistrate.com
Thank you! Omnistrate Team ✌️
CEO, Kamal Gupta
See All Launches ›