Home
›
Launches
›
Onu
156
Onu - Turn scripts into internal tools without doing any frontend work
Onu takes away the pain of building complex frontends for internal tooling with script automation and auto-generated UIs.
Chine Ikoro
Onu
5 months ago
Embed
https://joinonu.com
#
b2b
#
saas
#
operations
#
developer_tools
tl;dr:
Onu is a developer-first tool that allows engineers to turn the repetitive scripts and workflows they're asked to run for their ops or CX teammates into production-ready internal tools. Onu doesn’t require any frontend work at all, so developers can spend their time writing business critical code instead of building or dragging/dropping frontend components. Sign up for our
waitlist
for early access!
Hi everyone! We’re Lindsey and Chine, and we’re excited to announce
Onu
!
Chine and Lindsey are both software engineers who met 5 years ago when they started working at Lyft.
Chine
worked as an engineer at Bain before working at Lyft on the bikes & scooters team. After Lyft, Chine went to Stripe where she worked on banking-as-a-service, corporate cards, and payment links.
Lindsey
worked on developer infrastructure and observability at Lyft before leaving to work at Stripe where she worked on low-code/no-code payments on the checkout and payment links teams.
😢
Problem
Tasks that involve both engineering and ops/CX are disjointed and time consuming.
Engineers spend too much time writing and running one-off scripts (e.g. fixing an out-of-sync user account) and ops/CX are often blocked by engineering.
Building internal tools (even with low-code/no-code saas) takes a lot of frontend work.
As a result, building the tool stays in the backlog and engineers & ops keep schlepping through tasks.
🥳 Our solution
Onu is a developer-first tool that allows engineers to quickly turn their ops/CX-related scripts or workflows into production-ready internal tools without having to write any frontend code at all.
Spin up internal tools quickly
using the scripts you’ve already written, spending
zero time on frontend development.
See logs of each task’s previous executions
to keep track of when it was run, who ran it, and the result
Run scripts in your own environment but
without having to SSH into production
Use built-in integrations
to easily add actions to your tasks like posting to Slack, sending an email, or generating a Linear issue
🤯 You can use Onu to…
Onboard
new users
to your product and then send them a welcome
email
Cancel a subscription
, refund the customer, and then update your
CRM
Fix an out-of-sync user account
and then notify a
Slack
channel of the fix
🌱 Why we built Onu
We experienced these problems firsthand while working on fast moving engineering teams at Lyft and Stripe. Our teams needed internal tooling, but we didn’t have time to build feature-rich admin dashboards. Stripe had a homegrown tool that allowed engineers to spin up internal tools without writing frontend code. When we started working on Onu with a different idea we immediately felt the pain of not having a similar tool.
🙌🏾 Asks
Sign up
- Join our
waitlist
for early access! We’ll reach out with sign up instructions.
Intros
- Do you know an
engineer, customer experience/ops lead, or startup founder
struggling to manage the workload between ops and engineering? We’d love an introduction. Shoot us an email at
founders@joinonu.com
or DM Lindsey on Twitter
@reddyourmind
if you have someone in mind.
*forwardable blurb:
Lindsey
, and
Chine
, a team of ex-Stripe software engineers, are building a developer tool called
Onu (YC W23)
to turn scripts and workflows executed for ops and CX teams into internal tools, zero frontend work required. If you’re interested in learning more, feel free to email them at
founders@joinonu.com
.
⚒️ Offer
If you have any manual or repetitive tasks or scripts, we will migrate them onto Onu for you. You'll have a production-ready internal tool with minimal work.
We’ll prioritize the integrations (e.g. Linear, Discord, email) you need in order to make Onu a powerful addition to your toolkit.
See All Launches ›