Home
›
Launches
›
OpenMeter
98
Tailfin - Maximize revenue with usage-based pricing
Tailfin unlocks revenue by identifying and pricing sales opportunities.
Peter Marton
OpenMeter
6 months ago
Embed
https://openmeter.io
#
b2b
#
saas
#
sales
#
billing
#
analytics
B2B SaaS companies see up to 25% revenue increase by adopting usage-based or hybrid pricing models, but realizing this potential requires the right tools and insights. This is where
Tailfin
has you covered.
This is Andras and Peter - coming from Stripe, Netflix, Banzai Cloud, and Cisco; we understand that unlocking the full revenue potential requires to:
Identify revenue opportunities and forecast over-usage to start the sales cycle early
Find customers ready to be converted to enterprise plans
Forecast usage and revenue to price deals accordingly
💸 The Challenge
With the rise of Product-Led-Growth (PLG), pay-as-you-go is becoming the dominant pricing model, but unfortunately, many SaaS companies miss out on revenue opportunities. For example, enterprise customers often underestimate their usage and pre-purchase too little credit, leaving you with the dilemma of offering your service for free or renegotiating the deal. Moreover, self-serve customers may outgrow their plans without you knowing, and customer success and support may not prioritize users according to their spending and future potential.
🐬 Our Solution
Tailfin is a monetization platform explicitly designed for usage-based pricing. We help businesses to maximize revenue by providing insights about customers and highlighting opportunities so your sales and customer success teams can be data-driven.
Tailfin provides:
Subscription predictions like detecting overage before it happens so you can outreach and start the sales process in time.
Price simulations to calculate historical and future revenue based on usage and different pricing models.
Accurate metering with high-frequency event aggregation; can include events such as API calls, disk storage usage, or other product-related actions that could result in charges.
Real-time dashboard and APIs to extract usage and revenue data
🐋
Sign up
Don’t leave revenue on the table. Ask for a demo today:
https://calendly.com/tailfin-cloud/founders
or email me at
peter@tailfin.cloud
https://tailfin.cloud
Best,
Tailfin Founders, Andras & Peter
See All Launches ›