Home
›
Launches
›
Orangewood Labs
58
Orangewood - Democratizing Robots!
We are building AI powered robotic arms
Aditya Bhatia
Orangewood Labs
7 months ago
Embed
http://www.orangewood.co
#
hardware
#
robotics
#
generative_ai
#
artificial_intelligence
Hi YC!
We're
Abhinav Das,
Aditya Bhatia,
and
Akash Bansal,
the founders of
Orangewood Labs.
Orangewood Labs
is building robotic arms for small businesses. Our mission is to democratize robots.
Orangewood’s
robots are safe, easy to operate, affordable, and capable of handling modern-day manufacturing challenges.
The Problem
Small businesses don’t have access to automation and are suffering because of it. The cost of the industry standard robotic arm is $35,000 without integration - and assuming that you need multiple robotic arms for any given function - this adds up very quickly. Companies are going out of business due to high wages and cost of living.
Our Solution
By building our own robots, we found ways to create a cheaper, more affordable robot. Our robotic arms aren’t nearly as accurate as the industry leader, but that’s okay! Not every task requires 100% accuracy. We’re currently focusing on industrial applications like pick-and-place, spray painting, and welding.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzzBFkdv2PE
With
Orangewood Labs
, customers have:
🏆 Access to automating their business with 3x - 4x productivity gains
💰 Lower costs through a monthly subscription
🚀 Ease of use - simplicity in programming for tasks and integration included for free
⚠️ Safety from highly dangerous tasks
How you can help
Introductions to VCs who invest in hard tech
Introductions to talented engineers looking to work in robotics
Introductions to system integrators
Introductions to customers (small business owners: food, manufacturing, photographers, etc.)
Industrial applications are just our first use case. We have more updates coming in the next few weeks! Feel free to reach out to us with thoughts, questions and feedback.
We’re at
founders@orangewood.co
and (310) 658-2456.
We’d love to invite you to our office in San Francisco for lunch and a demo!
Book a live demo
We’ll be shipping our first robots in the summer of 2023!
See All Launches ›