Home
›
Launches
›
Orchid
154
Orchid – The most efficient EHR for independent mental health professionals
We help mental health professionals automate and streamline their admin workflows.
Joseph Pomianowski
Orchid
5 months ago
Embed
https://orchid.health
#
saas
#
healthcare
#
health_tech
#
mental_health_tech
#
artificial_intelligence
Tl;dr:
Orchid
is an Electronic Health Record (EHR) for independent mental health professionals that saves clinicians’ time, money, and frustration. We do this by integrating core administrative workflows, streamlining clinical processes, and automating manual flows. Altogether, Orchid practitioners reclaim ~500+ hours of their time spent on administrative work, with the potential to save $11B in healthcare costs annually.
Would you or anyone in your network be interested in learning more or helping out?
Connect with us
The Problem
Did you know that
mental health professionals
spend more time on their EHR than they do with their patients? In fact, they
lose 500 hours a year
by clicking around terrible infrastructure and as a result the
healthcare industry loses $11 billion annually
.
Mental health clinicians face the following set of challenges:
Subpar EHR solutions cost mental health clinicians ~1,500 hours/year
This admin time detracts from time spent with patients, translating into $10,000+ of lost revenue per clinician
Lost revenue and less time with patients leads to stress and ultimately to clinician burnout
No wonder it’s so hard to find a therapist these days, and it all starts with clunky software!
At Orchid we believe the path to helping those seeking mental health care runs through helping mental health clinicians. We need to figure out an affordable way to buy back the time of these mental health professionals because every hour wasted is an hour not spent addressing the mountain of unmet demand in this market and results in billions wasted for our healthcare industry.
The Solution
Enter Orchid.
We are an affordable EHR that seamlessly integrates the core functions of running a mental healthcare practice.
Imagine an all-in-one platform that automates scheduling, billing, insurance credentialing, analytics, telehealth, and note-taking. By doing this
we reclaim 500 hours of each provider annually, and we potentially save the healthcare industry 11 billion dollars
.
Orchid not only helps clinicians improve the mental health outcomes of their patients but also alleviates the supply-demand imbalance in the mental healthcare market by enabling clinicians to spend more time both onboarding new patients and focusing on their current patient roster.
Read what Orchid subscribers are saying about how Orchid reduces their admin work
:
Make the world a better place
If you or anyone in your network might be interested in learning more or helping out, we would love to chat.
We're especially interested in talking with:
Health insurance companies (payors)
, especially those interested in expanding their mental health offerings, in increasing their members’ access to mental healthcare, in decreasing their costs through efficient operations, and in improving their quality of care.
We have hundreds of vetted clinicians implementing measurement-based care.
Independent mental health professionals
: therapists, social workers, psychologists, and psychiatrists, even if they’re currently not in the market for a new EHR. You can also ask them to
sign up for a quick 15-minute demo
.
Nonprofits
with an interest in supporting mental health
We can be
reached at
founders@orchid.health
Please
follow us on
LinkedIn
and spread the love.
See All Launches ›