Home
›
Launches
›
order.link
97
Order.link 🧩 Respond to order requests in minutes
Let order.link generate quotes, orders and email responses for you
Stefan Reuther
order.link
6 days ago
Embed
https://www.order.link
#
ai
#
saas
#
sales
#
ai_assistant
#
sales_enablement
TLDR:
Order.link helps manufacturers respond faster to incoming emails by automatically generating quotes, orders, and email replies. By extracting data and synchronizing it with ERP and CRM systems, order.link processes emails 10 times faster and with 80% fewer errors.
➡️ Get
order.link
to tackle your sales emails!
Hi everyone, we are Lucas and Stefan and we want to make work meaningful for everyone by enabling our users to spend more time interacting with customers face-to-face.
📧 The problem: A flood of emails distracts sales teams from face-to-face customer interactions
Manufacturers generate two-thirds of their revenue from inbound email, meaning they often receive more than 100,000 emails per month. This creates a significant workload for inside sales staff and frustrates their customers with long response times.
Imagine spending your entire week answering emails and copy-pasting order information into another system. This is what sales employees spend at least 30% of their time doing.
As a result, sales teams have less time for face-to-face customer interactions and revenue-generating activities.
🤖 The Solution -
Order.link
takes care of data entry and email replies
Order.link is an AI-driven solution that streamlines several key tasks, including:
Faster
Communication
: Order.link automatically responds to appropriate emails, such as price and delivery time requests.
Automated quote & order generation
: Order.link integrates with existing CRM & ERP systems and automatically generates quotes and orders, reducing manual data entry.
Product Matching
: It effectively identifies buyer requirements and assigns matching products
Order.link has the power of chatbots, but differs in two key ways:
Integration with communication channels
: By integrating with email and MS Teams, order.link does not require any customer-facing communication changes.
Open system integration
: Order.link works with what you have and integrates with existing CRM and ERP systems. This enables automated verification of incoming requests and quick access to relevant information such as pricing and delivery schedules.
Backstory
We started our first business 5 years ago - an AI enterprise application agency - with the goal of eventually building a SaaS product.
During this time, we iterated over 7 product ideas and used the experience we gained to launch
order.link
after seeing a clear demand for a solution to the problem of manual email processing.
👋
Asks - How you can help
Do you know a supplier or manufacturer that this might help? Get us in touch*!
Share this post - your network is super valuable to us!
Follow us on
LinkedIn
.
*
quick blurb to copy&paste:
Order.link
helps manufacturers respond faster to incoming emails by automatically generating quotes, orders, and email replies. Get in touch with them at
founders@order.link
.
Cheers,
Lucas & Stefan
See All Launches ›