Home
›
Launches
›
OutSail Shipping
64
OutSail Shipping - Sustainable wind-powered container ships
Economically moving maritime freight , using wind power.
Arpan Rau
OutSail Shipping
6 months ago
Embed
https://www.outsailshipping.com/
#
climate
#
logistics
#
climatetech
TL;DR
OutSail Shipping is a company founded to economically move maritime freight using wind power.
You can help us by introducing us to decision-makers at global freight forwarders, global manufacturers and distributors, or anyone that ships in volume to the state of Hawaii.
Introduction
We’re Arpan, Bailey, and Joseph, cofounders of OutSail Shipping. We’re a group of hardware engineers who have collectively brought to life a diverse assembly of satellites, rockets, and EVs.
The Problem
Maritime shipping burns 300,000,000 tons of fossil fuels every year. This contributes 3% of global greenhouse gas emissions and 60,000 pollution-related deaths per year.
In addition, fuel burn can account for up to half the cost of operating a modern cargo ship. Fuel costs have risen, and are expected to continue to rise through the coming decades.
Shipping demand is expected to double by 2050, and contemporary steamship lines have no viable plans to decarbonize.
The Solution
For thousands of years of maritime history, wind was the energy source of choice.
Given modern advances in forecasting and fluid-dynamics, wind energy is once again the economically best solution for maritime freight.
OutSail Shipping will design, build and operate purely wind-powered container ships. This new class of vessel will decarbonize maritime shipping while reducing costs.
Our first service: A container liner between the US West Coast and the state of Hawaii, positioned to compete with a $200M existing market of ocean going barges. In this segment, we will deliver lower prices at twice the speed.
Our Ask:
The logistics world is complex and opaque. We need the YC community’s help to find and connect with our customers!
How you can help decarbonize shipping:
Please introduce us to decision-makers at large global freight forwarders like UPS, Flexport, and Expeditors.
Please introduce us to decision-makers at global manufacturers and distributors like Sysco, Gerber, and Georgia-Pacific.
Please introduce us to anyone you know who ships in volume to the State of Hawaii.
For more information or to help us out, contact us at
founders@outsailshipping.com
.
See All Launches ›