Home
›
Launches
›
Pando Bioscience
45
Pando Bioscience: Innovating drug discovery
Decipher complex disease using protein networks
Will (Yangxiaolu) Cao
Pando Bioscience
6 months ago
Embed
#
biotech
#
diagnostics
#
drug_discovery
#
synthetic_biology
Who we are?
The pharma industry is struggling with drug development as they mostly focus on single proteins. However, proteins are functional through a vast number of interactions, which have proven to be highly correlated with diseases.
Pando is a drug discovery company. Using synthetic biology, we reproduce networks of human proteins and study how they interact, innovating cancer drug discovery.
Our science
We study protein interaction in a high-volume and high-resolution manner, so that information previously hidden from studying single proteins can be revealed to discover new drugs.
Our research published in
Cell
reported a strong correlation between mutation-induced protein-protein interaction perturbation and various diseases. For example, we have found that protein interactions involving TP53 (a well-known tumor suppressor protein) have a much better prediction power in patients’ survival than TP53 alone.
We are starting with cancer, but our platform can be applied to a wide range of disorders like heart, respiratory, and neurological diseases.
Why now, why us?
There is a lot of advanced research in academia (many papers contributed by our CTO @Yang), but few applications in the industry. Now is the time!
We are experts in the field. @Will joined the synthetic biology unicorn Ginkgo Bioworks as an early employee and spent 5+ years designing DNA. @Yang spent 6 years at Harvard Medical School before joining Ginkgo. His postdoctoral research at Harvard lays the foundation for what we do. Our science has been published in
Nature
,
Cell
, and
Nature Genetics
.
Dr. Marc Vidal serves as our Scientific Advisor. He is a world-leading professor studying protein networks at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and Harvard Medical School.
Want to be part of it?
If you are interested in bringing drug discovery to the next level, don’t hesitate to reach out at
founders@pando.bio
Thank you!
See All Launches ›