Home
›
Launches
›
Peeba
162
🚀 Peeba - Faire for Asia
We help retailers in Asia discover and buy inventory online without risk.
Jacky Lai
Peeba
5 months ago
Embed
http://peeba.com/
#
b2b
#
retail
#
fintech
#
marketplace
tl;dr:
Peeba is a B2B wholesale marketplace that simplifies the buying process for retailers in Asia, connecting them with over 2,500 brands from around the world at the best prices, with free returns and 60 days payment terms.
👋 Hello everyone! We are Kevin and Jacky, founders of
Peeba
.
Problems:
Despite the growth in e-commerce over the last decade, the B2B wholesale industry in Asia that supports and connects retailers with brands languishes in the pre-digital era and lags behind in technology adoption - over 80% of wholesale transactions in Asia are still brokered over phone and physical meetings with sales representatives. Retailers face difficulty discovering relevant new products, it is risky to take on new products and very cumbersome to manage multiple brand/supplier relationships. The same applies for brands - going to trade-shows to entice buyers is expensive and inefficient. This problem is amplified in Asia where people are spread out across different countries, with different languages, different payment methods, different logistics infrastructure and non-transparent pricing creates many layers of challenges for retailers and brands to build relationships.
Solution:
Peeba addresses these pain points by providing a one-stop B2B wholesale marketplace that offers retailers in Asia access to thousands of best selling products with flexible buy-now-pay-later options and free returns. Our platform uses machine learning to enable discovery, allowing retailers to streamline their procurement process, automating many of the tedious tasks associated with buying inventory and simplifying cross-border logistics, making it easy for retailers to discover new brands and manage inventory. With our free return policy, retailers can reduce inventory risk and purchase with confidence, helping them to buy inventory that their customers will love.
A bit more about us:
We kicked off our journey in mid-2020 and since then, we've been on a mission to make B2B trade simpler, connecting retailers across 13 markets in Asia with over 2,500 brands and growing! The more we dive into the complexities of the industry, the more driven we become to simplify wholesale for everyone involved. Our goal is to empower retailers across Asia to achieve more by revolutionizing the way B2B wholesale trade is done, bringing efficiency and simplicity to the forefront of the industry.
Ask:
If you are a brand looking to expand your wholesale business in Asia, please reach out to us
here
.
If you are an investor looking to join our mission, please reach out to us here:
founders@peeba.com
.
See All Launches ›