Home
›
Launches
›
Persist AI
36
Persist - We build long-lasting drugs 50% faster 💊
Drug formulations made by robotics and designed by AI
Karthik Raman
Persist AI
5 months ago
Embed
http://www.persist-ai.com
#
robotics
#
therapeutics
#
microfluidics
#
nanotechnology
#
machine_learning
TLDR
Persist helps pharma make drug injections that last up to 1 year.
Using robotics & AI, we reduce a 5-year drug formulation process to ~2 years.
Contact Us (
founders@persist-ai.com
) for a case-study formulation
To make injections we encapsulate drugs inside injectable microspheres made with FDA-approved materials.
Left:
Image of a ~37 um microsphere made by our robotics
Right:
A Schematic showing how encapsulated drugs are released over 1 year so patients don’t take as many injections.
🤔
THE PROBLEM
For chronic diseases, most patients prefer 1 injection/yr rather than multiple injections per week.
However, making a long-lasting injection takes a lot of trial and error and the time between iterations is long.
Key challenges include:
Using manual work & intuition is slow
: Typical teams manually mix and match chemicals to optimize the amount of drug that’s loaded into the spheres and the rate of release of drug
Trial and error is cumbersome:
Because changing one variable may have multiple effects
Scale-up is unpredictable:
Even if something works at a small scale, batch-to-batch consistency during scale-up is uncertain because production is done in large reactors
💡
OUR SOLUTION
We utilize custom robotics and AI to solve the problems with building microspheres.
We automatically mix & optimize formulations:
We use a closed-loop robotics + AI approach so there’s minimal manual work
We reduce trial & error with AI predictions:
We generate 50x more data than most formulation teams and use that data to train AI. This unique data enables us to make better predictions than others.
We build small batches, faster:
So we can QC batches more frequently and scale up predictably
❤️
OUR ASKS
Introduce us to friends who work in Pharma. Email
founders@persist-ai.com
“Follow” us
on LinkedIn
See All Launches ›