Home
›
Launches
›
ProdTrace
22
ProdTrace - AI-driven bills of material and supplier management for hardware companies
The AI-driven platform that integrates your bills of materials with your supply chain.
Jana Mithrakumar
ProdTrace
5 days ago
Embed
https://www.prodtrace.com/
#
ai
#
b2b
#
hardware
#
supply_chain
#
artificial_intelligence
Overview
Hi everyone, we are Saelig and Jana and we are building
ProdTrace
!
ProdTrace helps hardware companies manage their bills of materials (BOM) and automate their supplier communication. We leverage AI to automate messaging over channels such as email and text, parse communication with suppliers to generate supplier scorecards and manage your BOM and documents exchanged with suppliers in a central location.
❌ The Problem
Supply chain managers at hardware companies
spend 10+ hours a week
writing repetitive emails and procurement documents
Frequent changes to the design increase the likelihood of sending outdated versions of BOMs or design documents to manufacturers, which
costs hardware companies tens of thousands of dollars
and
delays production
Tracking and scoring suppliers is a manual and tedious process so it is often overlooked, but the lack of diligence ends up
delaying production
when a supplier fails to deliver
BOM and engineering change data is poorly (if at all) linked to supplier data leading to
lack of synchronization between hardware, supply chain and operations teams
⚙️ The Solution:
ProdTrace’s AI-driven BOM and supplier management platform
Our platform solves these problems by allowing hardware companies to:
Leverage AI integrated with BOM and supplier data to
automatically draft emails, messages and procurement documents like RFQs
Keep track of BOM, CAD and other document changes and
automatically synchronize
with supplier communications
Use our AI to analyze incoming communications and documents from your suppliers to
collect data on supplier KPIs
such as pricing, responsiveness, and quality
Manage their BOM in smart tables that can
integrate with existing PLM tools, ERPs
and part vendor APIs (e.g. Digikey, SiliconExpert)
🚀 The Team
Jana (left)
previously designed AI accelerators at SambaNova systems, edge inference electronics at Google and warehouse automation robots at Dexterity. He has firsthand experience of the issues with managing bills of materials and suppliers that hardware companies, engineers and supply chain managers are faced with.
Saelig (right)
previously worked on the growth team for YouTube Premium at Google, building their data and ML platform. He has extensive experience in AI from the Stanford AI Lab, publishing in conferences such as NeurIPS and Nature Communications.
We met at Stanford University where we both studied Electrical Engineering and have been close friends for many years. Together, we are on a mission to make managing hardware as easy as software.
🙏 Our Asks
Connections:
If you know hardware or supply chain teams that may be interested, we would love an intro
Pilots:
If you are interesting in using ProdTrace, you can book a demo with us
here
Feedback
: If you have experience building hardware or managing hardware supply chains or know someone who does, we would love to chat.
Follow
ProdTrace on
LinkedIn
You can reach us at
founders@prodtrace.com
Thanks for reading!
See All Launches ›