Home
›
Launches
›
qoohoo
358
qoohoo - monetize your audience across all platforms
experience swift monetization tools to scale your revenue as a creator.
Vimal Singh Rathore
qoohoo
5 months ago
Embed
https://qoohoo.in/
#
saas
#
elearning
#
community
#
creator_economy
tl;dr:
qoohoo helps creators to grow, manage and monetise their audience across all platforms. Creators on qoohoo earn swiftly from their micro-content, courses & subscriptions directly on Whatsapp and Telegram unlocking massive growth potential.
Check out our
product
.
Hello everyone, we are
Aseem
&
Vimal
, the team behind
qoohoo
.
Problem
Communities on Telegram and WhatsApp have been growing at a rapid pace, especially in the last few years. Creators tend to bring their audience from social media to messaging apps, but they don't have a way to monetize or manage them effectively.
They are currently managing their backend operations in a chaotic, error-prone, and time-consuming way, manually handling payments and adding/removing users separately.
Besides monetisation, creators need help with
audience growth, retention
, and
reactivation
.
They are missing critical audience insights, behaviour and nudges to grow their business effectively to their full potential.
This problem was first faced by Vimal while running his edtech startup - coursavy, where communities of students & LIVE courses were the core. He used to create a telegram channel for each course and manually managed the operations. His brother is also a
YouTuber in music learning
facing similar issues while running classes on Whatsapp.
This experience gave us a ring-side view of the problem and the scale.
Solution
Creators on qoohoo can quickly launch their micro-content, courses & subscriptions directly on Whatsapp and Telegram unlocking massive growth potential.
If we take simplicity & speed into account,
what whatsapp is for personal communication, qoohoo is for creators. It’s that simple!
In February alone, our creators are earning close to
$500K
in the field of Art, Music, Education and Finance.
One of our
creators’ earnings has surged from
$10K
to
$125K
per month in just 10 months of using our product. She leverages YouTube for distribution and qoohoo for monetization.
Ask & Deal
Today we are launching our global version, now anyone across any nation can use qoohoo easily. This is a beta release, we will keep on adding all the new tools going forward.
Check out our product
at
https://qoohoo.in/
It will be super nice if you could use our product & share your experience, we are available at
founders@qoohoo.in
If you have creators or startups in your circle who are running their communities & courses, do connect us with them. (We have special offers for YC companies & referrals :)
Let's keep building and moving forward! Thanks for your support. 🙏
See All Launches ›