Home
›
Launches
›
Radical
35
Radical ✈️ Wireless connectivity from the stratosphere
We are building high altitude solar aircraft to deliver broadband connectivity at a fraction of the cost of terrestrial networks.
James Thomas
Radical
7 months ago
Embed
https://www.radicalaero.com/
#
drones
#
hard_tech
#
airplanes
#
electric_vehicles
#
telecommunications
Hi
👋
James
and
Cyriel
here to introduce
Radical
!
Radical makes internet access affordable worldwide. We are building high altitude solar aircraft to deliver broadband connectivity at a fraction of the cost of terrestrial networks.
The Problem: Universal Connectivity
More than 3 billion people lack access to reliable broadband internet. Bringing underserved communities online is difficult with existing technologies.
Terrestrial networks are prohibitively expensive to establish in sparsely populated areas, and signal quality can be impaired in areas with hilly terrain.
Satellite networks are also costly, they require rocket launches and large constellations to achieve consistent coverage. Additionally, these services are not mobile - requiring the end user to use a dish transceiver.
High altitude balloons are unable to maintain position in strong winds and can drift away from their target service areas.
The Solution: Radical’s Stratospheric Aircraft
The ideal cell tower is positioned near users, but away from the ground to maintain line-of-sight coverage over a large service area. Radical is building the ideal cell tower: a high altitude solar aircraft.
Unlike terrestrial cell towers, high altitude aircraft maintain line-of-sight coverage over a large area and avoid terrain obstructions.
High altitude aircraft are 20x closer to the ground than low earth orbit satellites, reducing latency and eliminating the need for dish transceivers.
Unlike balloons, high altitude aircraft are able to maintain position in strong winds.
All together, this means we can establish coverage in areas that were previously uneconomical to service.
How it works
Radical’s aircraft flies in the lower stratosphere - above weather, clouds, and aviation traffic. Here it collects solar energy from the sun in the day, and deploys battery energy at night - allowing it to fly continuously year-round. The aircraft has the wingspan of a passenger jet, but is ultra-light and ultra-efficient, weighing less than a motorbike and using the same amount of power as a hair dryer.
Ask
If you know telecommunications companies that are interested in improving their network coverage, we’d like to be connected!
See All Launches ›