Home
›
Launches
›
Rivet
55
👾 Rivet - Heroku for multiplayer games
Run multiplayer games with managed game servers, matchmaking, and DDoS mitigation.
Nathaniel Flurry
Rivet
4 months ago
Embed
https://rivet.gg
#
b2b
#
saas
#
gaming
#
social
TL;DR:
Rivet
makes it easy to run multiplayer games with managed game servers, matchmaking, and DDoS mitigation. Contact us at
yc@rivet.gg
to get access to the closed beta!
Rivet
is trusted by publicly traded companies to indie studios to serve millions of monthly players on our infrastructure.
The Team
In high school, we procrastinated our homework by building and launching multiplayer games together for fun. We always wanted to make building multiplayer games more accessible, so we started Rivet to do exactly that.
Together, we built a small game studio and launched 4 games with one acquisition.
Nathan
(right) independently built infrastructure serving over 15M MAU & 20k concurrent players while still in high school on games like
Krunker.io
(acquired by FRVR). He was an Apple WWDC scholar from 2016-2018 and was featured in TechCrunch for his visual programming language.
Nicholas
(left) was a PM at the
Paradox.ai
R&D department to help built AI HR solutions for companies like McDonalds. He continued to work at Addicting Games as a PM on multiple multiplayer games and helped launch
Apes.io
, a cutting-edge browser-based battle royale.
The Problem
Modern games need game servers to support large lobbies, anti-cheat, low latency, and mobile platforms.
The need for game servers is growing, but
studios have to build their own game server infrastructure from scratch.
Therefore,
studios spend more time building in-house game server infrastructure than adding content
when trying to launch games with game servers. This makes it unreasonably difficult for small to medium-sized studios to launch and maintain these types of games.
Our Solution
We make it easy for game developers to run their game servers on
Rivet
.
We take care of auto-scaling servers, matchmaking, and DDoS mitigation so the developer can focus on adding content. Rivet works with all major game engines and custom server code.
Integrating Rivet into a game takes 4 lines of code in any language.
We provide no-downtime deploys with easy rollbacks.
Once a game is up and running, Rivet provides a sleek dashboard for operating the game and streamlining DevOps. Developers can manage their lobbies, view analytics, rollback versions, diagnose crashes, and manage namespaces.
Want to see Rivet in action? Watch our
3-minute crash course
!
Our Ask
If you or a friend is building a multiplayer game – even if it’s a hobby project – we’d love to chat! Contact us at
yc@rivet.gg
.
See All Launches ›