Home
›
Launches
›
Santé
25
Santé - The all-in-one POS for liquor stores
Manage your business in one powerful application specifically built for liquor stores.
Darren Fike
Santé
10 days ago
Embed
https://santehq.com/
#
b2b
#
saas
#
retail
#
fintech
Overview
Santé is the all-in-one POS for liquor stores. Our mission at Santé is to empower tens of thousands of liquor store owners to run their businesses more efficiently using modern software.
Problem
91% of liquor stores are independently owned and operated. Stores are often understaffed and rely on antiquated systems to manage day-to-day operations. A few examples of common problems for liquor stores:
Spending hours per week on manual data entry for inventory receiving and creating purchase orders.
Dealing with complex interstate regulations to sell liquor online (a growing trend).
Working with poor integrations for local delivery (Drizly, DoorDash, Instacart, etc).
Mishandling products at checkout because many beers/wines do not have barcodes.
Losing sales due to poor integration between their POS and marketing tools.
Losing a meaningful portion of their inventory to theft ($5B+ lost across the industry annually).
In fact, one of our early customers called this industry a “dinosaur industry” after sending us this picture:
Solution
We’re helping independent liquor stores run thriving businesses with a POS built from the ground up to serve their specific needs:
Simple Receiving:
Saving hours per week with automated inventory receiving and purchase order management
Theft Monitoring:
Using RFID tags on every bottle to track when stolen bottles are leaving the store
Compliance Management:
Source of truth on state-by-state shipping so that stores can open a new revenue stream and ship to all available states across the country
Robust integrations:
Cutting costs by giving store owners all the tools they need to run their business with one subscription to Santé
Founders
@Darren
, Santé’s CEO, was the top sales rep at his last two startups, and he has a passion for wine. Last year, he realized that his favorite local liquor stores in NYC still heavily rely on pen and paper. To learn more about the problem, he spent the next four months working at Frankly Wines on nights and weekends and interviewed over a hundred liquor store owners.
@Antoine
, Santé’s CTO, is a UC Berkeley alum and has founded multiple startups in the past in robotics, e-commerce, and SaaS. He is originally from France.
Give us a hand!
Have any friends or family that work in the liquor store industry that would be interested in a casual discovery call?
Reach out to Darren at
darren@santehq.com
to coordinate an intro.
See All Launches ›