Home
›
Launches
›
SID
129
SID.ai – Connect AI apps to your customer's data in an afternoon
SID takes care of the ingestion, interpretation and storage of the entire customer data infrastructure.
Maximilian-David Rumpf
SID
13 days ago
Embed
https://www.sid.ai
#
data_science
#
generative_ai
#
developer_tools
#
artificial_intelligence
tl;dr
We allow you to connect your LLM apps to your customer's data in an afternoon using a single button and an "AI-friendly" API.
Ask
: Please introduce us to companies building AI apps or considering adding AI to their product. We can
save most teams months in engineering & MLOps.
❗Test the API with your own data: We have a free live demo at
demo.sid.ai
Problem: Data x AI takes months & DIY is the only option
Today, companies like Jasper spend months building integrations with their customer's salesforce, email, and docs. Previously, we made consumer AI apps (that went viral on Twitter) and found we spent
70% of our time doing data integrations
instead of improving our product.
Why is it taking Jasper months?
There are two challenges, and developers tend to underestimate both. You must
ingest
the data (e.g., call Google's API) and
interpret
the data (i.e., go from chunks to insights).
Ingesting is a lot of grunt work: The APIs change, and a lot of infra is needed to keep information up-to-date – and deprecate the old. This is finicky and maintenance-heavy. And don't get us started on applying for Google Drive API keys: That can take months and costs ~$30k.
Interpretation is what's tricky. A naive embed + vector DB sounds compellingly easy but rarely works well for production-sized datasets. (If it does work for you, please reach out!) Despite what "
Big Vector DB
" is telling you, there is a
lot of engineering and NLP
that's needed: Recognize entities, model relationships, give it temporal awareness, filter the fluff, handle multimodal data, augment data with questions and summaries – I could go on. You must choose (& deploy) a language model for each of these tasks. And have you considered that the data distribution for Powerpoints is slightly but perniciously different than PDFs? Go directly to jail; do not pass "go."
Oh, and have you thought about compliance?
Solution: Integrate all your customer's data in an afternoon with SID
SID makes it easy for developers to connect LLM apps to their customer's data. We offer developers a button that lets people link their data and lets devs
query our API to ask questions about that person or their company.
That's it.
We take care of the ingestion, interpretation, and storage of the entire customer data stack – so devs don't need to think about vector DBs, maintaining infrastructure, or Google's API oddities. We self-host all LLMs used for analysis to ensure privacy – critical for customers. We've already served
over a million API calls
and average <200ms response times.
We've lived through the pain and built SID so future devs don't have to. We're starting with the most popular integrations and are
adding new ones fast
– at no extra cost to our customers. Please reach out if there's anything specific you need.
🇨🇭PS: We're
Swiss
, so we know how to keep your
information secret.
The Team
We love being the odd ones:
Lotte
can
fly a plane
but can't drive a car,
Georgijs
still swears by Vim and built his own
compiler at MIT
,
Lukas
goes from idea to product faster than anyone the author knows, and
Max
is a researcher at heart who won't stop digging until he finds the truth – or people stop talking to him.
Asks: Please introduce us to AI teams!
If you know someone
building AI apps
or planning to add AI to their company, please
refer us
(
m@sid.ai
)! We save most customers months in engineering time.
Try out our demo with your own Google Drive and Notion at
demo.sid.ai
– if you find something cool, email or
tweet at us
.
Support our launches on
Twitter
and follow the team (linked above)
Star our repo on
Github
See All Launches ›