Home
›
Launches
›
SiPhox
42
SiPhox Health - Convenient at-home health tracking
At-home health testing is too expensive and slow. We’re fixing that.
Michael Dubrovsky
SiPhox
10 months ago
Embed
http://www.siphox.com
#
hard_tech
#
biometrics
#
nanosensors
SiPhox is building at-home blood testing hardware using silicon photonic chips. Our hardware product is currently in development and we plan to start beta testing it in users’ homes in 2023. (
Watch Lab Tour
).
The average American lifespan has plateaued over the last 2 decades:
We believe that every human is unique. Biomarker tracking is required to know whether a particular lifestyle or health intervention is working. At scale, we envision that frequent population biomarker tracking will enable humans to live longer and healthier lives.
To enable this future, our team is working to decrease the cost of at-home testing by 10x and make results available immediately.
SiPhox just launched Quantify, an at-home test kit service that enables users to track 17 health tests ($95/test)
🩸
+ sleep, activity, and heart rate data from your wearable device ⌚ in a single dashboard.
JOIN QUANTIFY (10% off)
About Quantify
Quantify was created to empower individuals to take control of their health journey.
Quantify is a simple, convenient, low-cost, and comprehensive way to track your health and minimize chronic disease risk.
We measure inflammation, metabolic fitness, hormonal + nutritional balance, and cardiovascular health. These are shown in a comprehensive, easy-to-understand wellness dashboard (
sample dashboard
) with personalized insights so you can track and improve over time.
For now, all the tests are done via
mail-in,
self-collected samples
at a
gold standard CLIA-certified lab
, SiPhox hardware will be phased in next year.
Over the last 3 months, our alpha users discovered and improved things like low Vit. D, high inflammation (hsCRP), low Testosterone, High ApoB/LDL cholesterol, high fasting Insulin, poor sleep, and more.
We want this sort of tracking to be broadly accessible to those that can’t afford concierge medicine.
At $95/kit for the monthly membership (before discount) we set the lowest price on the market (compare to $250 for Insidetracker InnerAge 2.0).
Use this link for a 10% discount on your first 3 test kits:
JOIN QUANTIFY
How it works
⚙️
Subscribe to Quantify
(optional) Connect your wearable devices (8sleep, Fitbit, Whoop, Oura, etc.)
Receive an at-home collection kit to self-collect a blood sample (see picture above)
Join our weekly webinar for a guided self-collection if you have never done it before. You will be a pro in 10 minutes 🙂
Mail in your sample (USPS pickup) and view the results in your intuitive wellness dashboard (
sample dashboard
)
Receive customized insights based on your blood biomarker and wearable data
Do your own experiments (diet, supplements, exercise, biohacking, etc.)
Test again and track your results over time
Compare your scores against Quantify user averages
Get in touch
✉️
Feel free to contact us at
hello@getquantify.io
with any questions or suggestions about the service
If you are interested in integrating Quantify into your product offering, please get in touch via
info@siphox.com
Use this link for a 10% discount on your first 3 test kits:
JOIN QUANTIFY
See All Launches ›