Home
›
Launches
›
Smobi
32
Smobi - New age marketplace for businesses for sale
Bringing main-street business acquisitions to the 21st century
Kunal Puri
Smobi
7 days ago
Embed
https://smobimarket.com/
#
smb
#
fintech
#
e-commerce
#
marketplace
Overview
Hi everyone, we’re
Kunal
and
Michael
from
Smobi
!
Smobi is a marketplace that makes it
easy for buyers
to purchase brick & mortar small businesses. We do this by
verifying business listing data
and
managing deal-flow
on our platform.
Website:
smobimarket.com
The Problem:
Buyers have to go through numerous listings to find quality businesses because most listings are
incomplete and misrepresented
Business brokers and owners who are looking to sell,
waste their time
working with buyers who aren’t qualified to purchase their business
In the past 30 years, technology has only changed the business for sale market in
two
ways:
Listings have moved online instead of being in the local newspaper
Financial documents are emailed instead of being sent via mail
The baby boomer generation is retiring over the next decade, who owns
1.4 million businesses
that will close their doors unless they are sold to someone willing to buy them
The Solution:
For those looking to buy, we utilize first and third party data to screen listings, so buyers are looking at the complete picture of the business that is for sale. Buyers can keep track of the state of each of the listings they are interested in and manage deal flow on the platform.
Additionally, we create NDA protected data rooms with more in-depth documents for each listing on our website. If the broker / seller of the business thinks you’re a good match for buying the business, we send the data room to the buyer.
For those looking to sell their business, we create a comprehensive profile for each buyer that is interested in a listing that the seller has created. Using data that the buyer has provided and our internal business logic, we classify how well of a match a person is for your business, ultimately saving time in your search for a buyer.
Our Vision:
Our long term vision is to
digitize the entire acquisition process
for main-street businesses, ultimately making small business ownership attainable for everyone.
Who Are We?
Hi everyone, we are Kunal and Michael, and we are building Smobi. Our mission is to make small business ownership attainable by everyone.
Kunal formerly worked in Amazon Advertising, where he built several notification delivery channels that supported 10B+ communications annually. Kunal spent over 6 months in 2022 looking to purchase multiple SMBs and found the process of finding and purchasing a business to be extremely complex, especially for a first time buyer.
Before Smobi, Michael worked at another YC startup, Dover, as an early engineer where he worked on growth initiatives and building AI products.
Kunal and Michael grew up together, have known each other for 10 years, and now both reside in NYC. Together, we are attempting to simplify the small business acquisition process for all parties involved.
Our Asks
Thank you for reading about Smobi! We welcome any feedback for our platform as we are just beginning!
Sign up today
: Sign up and browse 700+ businesses for sale and get notified when businesses come up for sale tailored to your preferences.
Join our newsletter
: Sign up for our
blog
for guides on how to buy and sell SMBs!
Give us your feedback
: Tell us more about what criteria and information you would want before purchasing a SMB
Connect us
: Help us connect with SBA approved lenders, business brokers, people looking to purchase small businesses, and owners looking to sell their business
See All Launches ›