Home
›
Launches
›
SpadeWorks
10
SpadeWorks: One stop maintenance solutions for SMBs
We help SMBs manage and maintain their businesses seamlessly
Vamsee Koneru
SpadeWorks
4 months ago
Embed
https://www.spadeworks.co
#
b2b
#
saas
#
marketplace
Hi All,
I’m excited to share
Spadeworks
with you all. We’re simplifying the chaos of businesses and asset maintenance in India! SpadeWorks provides hassle-free, one stop maintenance solutions for SMBs in India.
For example, restaurant owners can schedule pest control, chimney cleaning, RO maintenance, HVAC maintenance services with just a click of a button instead of coordinating with multiple vendors, which can be time-consuming and lead to increased costs. Our platform uses technology to create standard operating procedures/protocols and accountability mechanisms that ensure transparency, quality, and increased ROI for our customers.
💥 The Problem: Multiple follow-ups with multiple vendors to get things done sucks!
The small and mid-size enterprise maintenance market in India is $40 Bn. Despite its size, it’s highly unorganized and unprofessional.
Common problems faced by the businesses owners
Coordinate with multiple vendors to maintain the property / business
No standard operating procedures for maintenance tasks
No-shows or wrong time commitments
No asset management and tracking
No cost transparency
The experience for owners/managers dealing with technicians has always been anxiety-inducing.
💪 Our Solution : Get well trained professionals for different trades at one place
SpadeWorks is the one stop maintenance solution for small and mid business in India.
Our platform uses technology to create
standard operating procedures/protocols
and
accountability
mechanisms that ensure
transparency
and quality for these technicians. Through a system of continuous training, in-app rewards and penalties, our platform builds strong accountability mechanisms to ensure that providers always show up on-time, behave empathetically and have the right technical knowledge to help customers.
Our customers
can track and maintain their assets using a mobile application.
view and subscribe to various plans or request for on demand jobs.
create, track and pay work orders
Want to learn more
Connect with us at
founders@spadeworks.co
See All Launches ›