Home
›
Launches
›
SpeedyBrand
43
Speedy - Democratizing marketing to SMBs
Effective & affordable content marketing using Generative AI
Jatin Mehta
SpeedyBrand
5 months ago
Embed
https://speedybrand.io
TL;DR
Speedy gets traffic for SMBs at affordable prices through content creation that is 10x faster using Generative AI. SMBs across dozen-plus verticals use Speedy’s SEO-optimized blogs and social media content to drive more traffic and get hotter leads.
Problem
SMBs cannot afford the high fees of digital marketing agencies that go into thousands of dollars per month.
Due to a limited marketing budget, they often lose traffic to more prominent companies.
They lack the time and resources to create and run content marketing campaigns.
Solution
Using Generative AI, Speedy creates SEO-optimized blogs and social media content, which SMBs can use to do effective marketing at a price that works for them.
How does it work?
Once you onboard to our monthly/annual plan, we conduct a branding workshop to feed into our models to help bring your brand’s voice to the content.
For a monthly subscription, you get 4 blogs and 16 social media posts that are SEO-optimized.
For an annual subscription, you get monthly benefits + a monthly newsletter + an annual content strategy.
Backstory
While serving SMBs at Vetan (a payroll app), we realized they did not have the budget for the expensive marketing agencies. As an online business, having effective content around its products is crucial to get leads. At Speedy, we understand that creating engaging content can be time-consuming and expensive. That's why we offer affordable plans that include weekly SEO-optimized blog posts and social media posts for Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, and Twitter. And with our high-conversion ad copies for Google, Facebook, Instagram, and more, you can take your ad campaigns to the next level.
🙏 Asks
1. Checkout our demo for your website
https://speedybrand.io/
2. If you know an SMB/early-stage startup that might need us, happy to connect on
founders@speedybrand.io
💰
Deal
As a YC company,
get 50% off
our monthly and annual plans.
See All Launches ›