Home
›
Launches
›
Stralis Aircraft
40
Stralis 🛫 - Emission free hydrogen electric aircraft
Our planes fly 10 times further than battery electric alternatives, with a lower operating cost than fossil fuel powered aircraft.
Bob Criner
Stralis Aircraft
5 months ago
Embed
https://stralis.aero/
#
climate
#
hard_tech
#
airplanes
#
hydrogen_energy
#
electric_vehicles
Hi! We’re
Bob
&
Stuart
from
Stralis Aircraft
in Australia. We make emission free hydrogen electric aircraft to help decarbonise air travel. We have $50M in LOIs for our launch product, a 15 seat aircraft with a range of 800 km that enters service in 2026
with launch customer Skytrans
.
Ask:
🙏 Intros to airlines or aircraft operators that might be interested in our products would be greatly appreciated. Contact:
bc@stralis.aero
Problem - Alternatives Compromise on Range or Cost
As other modes of transport decarbonise, aviation’s contribution to global emissions will increase. Based on our first hand experience, we believe other sustainable flight alternatives compromise on:
Battery Electric - limited range & payload
Hybrid Electric - expensive to operate, limited emission reduction
Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) - expensive & emits other harmful pollutants (NOx, sulphates, particulates)
Solution - Hydrogen Electric Propulsion
We're convinced hydrogen electric is the cheapest way to rapidly decarbonise 50% of commercial flights.
How it works - Green hydrogen and air are combined in a fuel cell stack to produce electric power, which is used by an electric motor to turn a propeller. The only thing emitted during this process is water.
Our proprietary hydrogen electric propulsion system is 35% lighter than the competition, unlocking useful aircraft ranges at low cost.
Our first product is a retrofit of an already certified aircraft, allowing us to get to market quicker and cheaper.
We plan to deliver 50,000 of our 48 seat SA-1 aircraft by 2050, generating $850B in revenue.
Our Backstory
We met in 2017 at
magniX
, leading teams developing electric aircraft propulsion systems for the world’s first battery powered eBeaver and eCaravan flights. The Stralis team has 85 years of aerospace experience, having developed, flight tested and certified aircraft at GoogleX,
Heart Aerospace (YC W19)
,
Ampaire
, Airbus, Boeing, Bombardier and Gulfstream. Now we’re on a mission to make Stralis the world’s leading emission free aircraft company. Spread the good word!
See All Launches ›