Home
›
Launches
›
Syncly
138
🚀 Syncly — AI customer feedback analytics that drives retention
Syncly enables Revenue teams to better understand customer insights to drive retention and team productivity.
Joseph Lee
Syncly
5 months ago
Embed
https://syncly.app/
#
b2b
#
saas
#
analytics
#
generative_ai
#
customer_success
Hey, We are Joseph, Kwan, Jongsoo from
Syncly
(YC W23).
Our team founded and sold an AI startup for $200M, and decided to bring our technology to help Revenue team drive retention by delivering the right value for customers.
TL;DR
Syncly uses AI and Chat-GPT to enable Revenue teams to better understand customer insights to drive retention and team productivity.
The Challenge
Manual tagging and insights:
Your revenue team wants to understand the most impactful product or operational feedback, but the team spend a lot of time manually aggregating and analyzing. As a result, you come to learn what had gone wrong
AFTER
the damage.
Measuring team efficiency
: Hard to track most of what problems your Revenue team is doing, but seems your team is doing a lot. Currently, done by 1-on-1 meetings or manual tagging, which is not scalable.
Post-action impact:
Hard to measure how customer feedback has changed after certain actions.
The Solution
Automating feedback insight:
Syncly finds urgent and impactful customer issues. Your team can proactively engage with customers
BEFORE
the damage.
Boosting team efficiency:
Spread best practices within the organization to help Account managers, Customer success & support managers focus on delivering more value to the customer.
Post-action visibility:
By monitoring customer feedback trend, you can measure the impact of each release and action.
*Syncly’s integrations include
Intercom, Slack, Salesforce
, and other customer communication platforms.
Our Asks
If you wanted to get as many actional insights from your customers feedback, schedule a call with us here:
https://www.syncly.app
(Click “Book a Demo”)
Feel free to shoot me an email at
joseph@deepbluedot.io
if you want to chat more.
See All Launches ›