Home
›
Launches
›
Talc
21
Talc: Debugger for your LLMs
Replay sessions, tweak inputs, and take the guesswork out of AI debugging.
Matt Lee
Talc
4 days ago
Embed
https://talc.ai
#
developer_tools
#
artificial_intelligence
TL;DR:
We make it easy to debug and test LLM systems. Understand your AI by replaying sessions line by line and setting rules for it to follow moving forward.
Hey Everyone! We’re Matt & Max, the team behind
Talc.AI
Matt
: I’ve spent the last 6 years engineering at Facebook and Airbnb. At FB I worked on Election Integrity, developing new ways to detect foreign interference campaigns. Hit me up if you want to hear some war stories!
Max
: I found my passion for tech early, teaching myself to code when I was 13. This journey most recently brought me to being the technical lead for a 30 person org at Facebook that reviewed every major product launch. I love the challenge of trying to understand complex systems and want to help people do the same with Talc.
We’ve been friends for almost a decade and couldn’t be more excited to be doing this together.
The Problem
Developing real LLM systems is still hard. Prompt engineering is full of trial and error, and debugging your chain and regression testing is a painful manual process.
The Solution
Replay any session your AI has had and tweak it until it's perfect. No more copy and pasting into a playground – re-run your sessions exactly as they happened and deeply understand their possible outputs. Have a bug on message 20? Hop into that context immediately and start fixing it.
Left: Walk through your AI message logs
Right: Edit the inputs and prompts that went into each message, all auto-populated for you
Test changes against your saved use cases for regression testing
What we’re asking
Is LLM debugging & testing holding you back?
Reach out to us
at
talc.ai
or
book time directly on our calendars
!
Do you know anyone working on LLMs in production? We’d love to learn from them!
Help us get connected
.
Share us with anyone who spends a lot of time debugging LLMs
Blurb
:
Talc.ai
launched an LLM debugger so you don’t have to copy context into openai playground or jupyter notebooks any more. Reach out via
founders@talc.ai
.
See All Launches ›