Home
›
Launches
›
Trackstar
32
Trackstar – Plaid for supply chain logistics
We make it possible for software companies to integrate with warehouse management systems via a universal API.
Jeremy Schneck
Trackstar
5 months ago
Embed
https://www.trackstarhq.com/
#
b2b
#
saas
#
logistics
#
supply_chain
TL;DR Supply chain logistics is an $11 trillion global industry that is still in the early innings of digitization. Trackstar’s universal API lets software companies integrate with any warehouse management system in hours, not months.
Hi everyone 👋, we’re
Daniel
and
Jeremy
from Trackstar! We are on a mission to digitize the global supply chain – one API at a time.
🩺
The Problem
Innovation in the supply chain industry is stifled by the lack of accessible data. For example, there are hundreds of warehouse management systems, most of which are legacy tools with poorly documented APIs or no APIs at all.
Companies that work on inventory planning, supply chain visibility, product returns, financing, warehouse operations, and more, are forced to build, maintain, and normalize data across one-off supply chain integrations.
These companies…
Drain time and resources
trying to integrate with enough of the WMS market;
Miss out on winning new business
by not supporting integrations that their customers need;
Or never start
because the integration hurdle prevents them from even entering the market.
💡
Our Solution
A universal API for the global supply chain. Our API for warehouse management systems lets software companies build once against a single API and instantly read and write data from any WMS.
WMS is just the beginning. Digitizing these systems will enable a wave of existing and new SaaS companies to build a more efficient and sustainable supply chain.
📜How It Works
With our universal API, companies can offer WMS integrations without the dev work, and focus their time and resources on their core product.
⚡
Asks
If you know any companies that currently integrate with or are looking to integrate with WMS, please send intros to
founders@trackstarhq.com
.
Want to be an early customer? Visit us at
trackstarhq.com
and add your name to the waitlist!
See All Launches ›