Home
›
Launches
›
Trellus
27
Trellus - real-time sales AI coach for cold calls
Trellus - the AI copilot to supercharge your cold call outbound (join 400+ reps and counting today!)
Ajinkya Nene
Trellus
6 months ago
Embed
https://www.trellus.ai
#
b2b
#
saas
#
sales
#
ai-enhanced_learning
#
artificial_intelligence
TLDR
:
Trellus
is an
AI powered real time sales coach
for sales development reps in their cold calls. It guides reps to exceed quota by identifying common situations in sales calls and delivering simple action-oriented suggestions at the moment they are needed. Trellus also completes all post-call work for reps including note-taking and call summarization.
Real-time AI is the future of sales support
- check out our chrome extension today
here
The Problem
For sales reps
- it is hard to master all the skills necessary to have consistent and repeatable success in prospecting calls. A few examples of what reps need to stay on top of in each call:
Who the prospect is and how to build rapport
What to respond to common cold call objections
Any qualification questions that need to be worked through - and the prospect's response
Their own delivery cadence - tempo, talk time, etc.
When to go for the close and book the next steps
For managers
- it is hard to effectively supervise and train a team of reps since a team of reps has far more (combined) hours to make calls than a manager has time to review them. Existing sales intelligence tools like Gong / Chorus are commonly used for recording and review but offer limited help in coaching reps because
the analytics are less focused on prospecting calls and the feedback is often delayed.
The Solution
Trellus solves these issues by giving your sales reps a real-time AI-powered sales coach that is available 24x7 to them. Trellus enables your reps to deliver the right message at the right moment to your prospects.
We do this by mixing a blend of behavioral and content coaching suggestions to help your sales reps learn best-in-class sales techniques.
Features
Seamless integration into your dialer platform of choice (it’s as simple as downloading our chrome extension)
Behavioral coaching on monologues, cadence with a whole host of features coming soon (filler words, pauses, tone)
Objection handling for classic cold call objections (e.g., “I’m not interested) with the ability for your sales enablement team to customize suggested responses for your reps
Battle cards for competitors (e.g., “I use X”) - whenever one of your competitors is mentioned on a call, your rep will get suggested talking points
Real-time transcription for all your dials
Real-time localized data on your prospects (e.g., news, weather) to provide additional data sales reps can leverage to build repertoire
Automatic call summarization and disposition entry
How you can get started!
1) Check out a demo
here
2) Take it for a spin!
Trellus is totally free for individuals to try out - they can get started in less than 5 seconds by downloading our chrome extension
here
3) Talk to us!
If you’re interested in trialing Trellus with your sales reps,
grab a quick time slot
for a white-glove onboarding or let us know in the comments!
See All Launches ›