Home
›
Launches
›
Unhaze
12
Unhaze 😶‍🌫️ Find the deals you are most likely to close
Double your win rate by targeting the accounts you are most likely to convert
Jacob Lauritzen
Unhaze
13 days ago
Embed
https://unhaze.ai
#
b2b
#
saas
#
sales
#
artificial_intelligence
TL;DR
Unhaze mines data across sources like intent, hiring, technologies used, company descriptions, websites etc. and analyzes your historical deals to discover impactful buying signals. It then monitors your market and target accounts to constantly find and prioritize the best opportunities at the right time.
The problem
Prospecting and lead qualification is manual, inefficient, and error-prone. Prospect-to-closed conversion rates are as low as 5%-10%.
The coarse filtering capabilities of current lead databases cause sales teams to sift through long irrelevant leads lists instead of spending their time closing high-opportunity deals. This is money, time, and energy out the window.
The solution
Unhaze integrates directly into Salesforce/Hubspot and tells you which leads to prioritize working on. Gone are the days of manual work and “gut based” decision making. Instead, teams can rely on predictive AI to identify the prospects they are most likely to win.
The initial focus is on win likelihood optimization, but Unhaze can also make predictions such a recommended products, segmentation, upsell potential or even completely custom models.
How it works
1. Data foundation
Unhaze continuously mines both structured and unstructured data across a large palette of data points such as firmographics, geo, technographics, funding, news, intent, website content, job posts, organizational changes & new hires and more.
2. Analysis of past deals
With guidance from you, Unhaze analyzes all previous deals to discover impactful signals that can predict high-conversion opportunities. Some signals are obvious while others are more subtle or only appear in certain combinations.
3. Predictive monitoring of market
Unhaze uses machine learning to continuously monitor your market and predict which accounts are most likely to convert - so you can target the right accounts at the right time.
Does it work?
By focusing on the right accounts and not wasting time on unlikely leads, our pilot customers can more than double win rates while markedly decreasing time spent on prospecting.
The ask
Follow
Unhaze on Linkedin
Reach out
here
if you’re doing sales or revops in a B2B company with +50 employees
Connect me with RevOps, SalesOps, or sales leaders in your network
See All Launches ›