Home
›
Launches
›
Untether Labs
167
Untether Labs  ·  Smart scheduling for digital clinics
We help clinics schedule their doctors and patients, to improve margins and access to care.
Aditya Sharma
Untether Labs
4 months ago
Embed
https://untetherlabs.com
Hey YC, this is
@Lucas
and
@Aditya
from
@UntetherLabs
launching!
TL;DR
Clinics are facing an existential problem - fix margins to survive. We’ve built a digital clinic, and seen the tech they need to improve margins. Now we’re bringing this tech back to other clinics. For our first customer, we’re projected to generate $2.5M in revenue.
🤯 PROBLEM · MARGIN
Doctors (MDs, nurses, therapists) spend less than 50% of their day seeing patients.
Yet you, as a patient, can’t get an appointment 4+ weeks out. Why? … archaic software.
Care models for digital clinics have evolved
. Care happens over calls, texts, at-home, in-person and over state lines covering insurance requirements. Scheduling the supply of doctors with the fluctuating patient demand is too complex for billion-dollar clinics to be coordinating out of spreadsheets. So while demand for healthcare has grown rapidly,
margins are poor
.
💡 SOLUTION · SAAS
We help clinics improve margins through an all-in-one tool that offers better scheduling, reporting, and forecasting.
Scheduling
to optimize doctors and appointments across specialties, regions, and insurance regulations:
Reporting
. One dashboard to track margin, patient demand, and doctor utilization.
Forecasting
to help Clinics prepare for fluctuating demand, and scenarios.
👥 TEAM · FOUNDER-MARKET FIT
@Aditya
is ex-Uber, ex-Headspace Health, Waterloo eng, and repeat founder.
Aditya started a clinic at Ginger and scaled it from 0 to 100 therapists. Ginger merged with Headspace for $3B to become Headspace Health.
@Lucas
is ex-Apple and ex-Yelp, Georgia Tech eng.
Lucas grew up around his dad’s mental health practice, watching him provide care for kids with autism, and those struggling with depression, anxiety, and schizophrenia.
🫶 ASK
Know someone in healthcare? Please tell them about us.
founders@untetherlabs.com
UntetherLabs
See All Launches ›