Home
›
Launches
›
Uwi
9
🏡 Uwi [oo-Wee]: Southeast Asia's first Home-Lending-as-a-Service
Enabling any bank or NFBI to launch a home lending platform in a few clicks
Joseph Tan
Uwi
9 months ago
Embed
http://www.uwi.com.ph
#
fintech
#
proptech
#
real_estate
Uwi
(Filipino for “to go home”) has relaunched as Southeast Asia’s first
Home-Lending-as-a-Service
providing a turnkey platform for any bank or NBFI to launch their own home lending platform instantly.
We’re focusing initially in the Philippines
where there is little competition. For example in the US there are 4,000+ active home lenders (2021). In the Philippines, the top 10 banks control the majority of the home loan market (US$20B in 2020) while the remaining ~400+ smaller banks and the 5,000+ NBFIs do not offer home loans. Additionally, insurance companies and pension funds do not offer home loans which is the opposite of the US market.
Why don’t more lenders offer home loans?
When we spoke to lenders who did not offer home lending, they told us two common issues: (1) trouble originating quality leads since the big banks have the brand (2) investing the $ and building a lending infrastructure (they didn’t want to or know how). So we built uwi to be a seamless experience for lenders without any upfront fees! We only charge our origination fees + revenue share when the loan has closed.
Uwi provides a turnkey platform to become a home lender.
Uwi Solutions:
(1)
Embedding a widget
directly on developer & broker websites to capture all their leads and match them to the right lenders.
(2) Building the
full lender tech stack
to enable a seamless lender experience & loan servicing post close.
Uwi’s go to market strategy
is unlocking a historically illiquid position for residential developers who typically have to shoulder 1 out of 2 home sales under their balance sheet. For the first time, developers can sell 100% of their homes with financing rather than amortize their profits over 5 - 10 years thus spurring more residential development (Philippines has an ~6.5M home backlog).
How is uwi executing this?
We built innovative financial products which help developers both sell their units quicker (uwi < 30 days vs. banks ~120 days) and clean up developer balance sheets (BS). Our lenders opt into capitalizing these financial products based on their lender criteria.
Which type of lenders are we onboarding?
We work with banks and non-banks like fintechs, digital banks, smaller banks (think rural), insurance companies, pension funds, private equity funds, real estate funds, hedge funds, family offices, and high net worth individuals.
In the future, we can help increase our portfolio of lender’s balance sheets to make them more competitive with local banks.
Uwi provides the full value cycle for any lender who wants to get into home lending.
See All Launches ›