Home
›
Launches
›
Versori
129
Versori - System & data integration platform
We help enterprises connect any internal system to any external system without hiring expensive consultants.
Sean Brown
Versori
5 months ago
Embed
https://www.versori.com/
#
b2b
#
api
#
saas
#
no-code
#
data_engineering
Hello YC!
👋
Awesome to be here and proud to be part of this fantastic community.
We’re Sean and Dan, the Founders of
Versori.
The Problem 😫
The enterprise integration market is controlled by traditional system integrators (Accenture, Cognizant, Capgemini etc), who charge for professional services and manual development.
Time, money and resource is wasted on manual system and data integrations. Complex iPaaS solutions aren’t easy, and easy iPaaS solutions aren’t complex.
The Solution 😊
Versori “Switchboard” is a no-code system and data integration platform, primarily for major retailers that lets them connect any internal system to any external system without hiring expensive consultants.
For example, Sephora used Versori to build an integration that imports 3rd party brand products into its own ecommerce site in a few clicks. Reducing integration time from 9 weeks to 2 hours.
Here’s an intro video
Create data sources (connectors) in seconds, not weeks.
Drag and drop or paste the URL to your API specs
Switchboard strips and stores the auth and server types, end points, operations and schemas.
Build complex and advanced integrations with no-code tools
Transformer
provides functionality to take data from multiple sources into a format suited for your target, with all the features you’d expect such as filtering, converting and mapping.
Selectors
gives you access to any data from all previous steps in your board, allowing you to perform complex tasks such as merging or flow-control.
Data Mapping
allows you to define mappings where some value in one system is equivalent to another value in another system. These can be defined up front in our dashboard, or interactively updated within your board.
Filter
allows you to stop or continue execution of a workflow based on a set of conditions. These conditions can be as simple or as complex as your data requires, and can be combined with Selectors to compare data from multiple workflow steps.
Delay
halts execution of the current message until a predefined duration has elapsed.
Batch
aggregates all data received over a specified batch period before releasing the result to subsequent steps and is useful when integrating real-time APIs with bulk import/export APIs.
Trigger
allows a board to be triggered manually or via a schedule instead of via an external API call
CSV Processing
allows you to truncate, join and deduplicate CSV files
Splitter
takes in an array and outputs multiple new messages for each element in that array
Deploy integrations and workflows your way
Public Cloud
Private Cloud
On Prem
SDK
We can integrate your systems, that Zapier can’t.. ⚡️
You need the break free from the static guard rails of existing integration platforms!
If your company has bespoke system or data integration requirements, that can’t be done with an existing IPaaS provider, please reach out to us at
sales@versori.io
. We would love to give you a demo!
The Deal 🤑
For all YC Alum, the first 10,000 data messages are on the house!
See All Launches ›