Home
›
Launches
›
Viddy
23
🛒 Viddy - Shoppable video experiences for e-commerce
We let e-commerce brands add interactive and shoppable video experiences (think Instagram Stories and TikTok feeds) to their websites to increase personalization and conversion rate.
Harris Gani
Viddy
6 months ago
Embed
https://www.viddyapp.io/
#
b2b
#
saas
#
video
#
e-commerce
#
creator_economy
🚀 TL;DR Short-form video is the new default medium of content consumption, but e-commerce hasn't adapted and has been static text & images for +10 years. Viddy bridges this gap by bringing familiar and interactive video UIs that are shoppable to e-commerce.
Hi everyone👋 Harris and Nihar here from Viddy! We’re on a mission to change the future of online shopping.
🚨 The Problem
Consumer behavior is shifting towards consuming more short-form vertical video (thanks to TikTok, Instagram, SnapChat, YouTube Shorts, etc.), yet e-commerce has been static text and images for over 10 years.
E-commerce brands and their storefronts have struggled to adapt to this video-first trend, leading to their conversion rate and engagement consistently dropping year over year. Lower conversion rate and engagement leads to lower revenue, retention, and LTV.
🎯 Our Solution
We've built familiar video UIs (such as Instagram Stories, animated carousels, swipeable TikTok feeds, among others) that can be easily embedded on an e-commerce website. See examples below:
Brands can feature custom call-to-actions within videos (for example: taking a quiz, booking a demo, viewing a product page, etc.). See our mobile optimized video player in expanded view below:
Everything is configurable and customizable in terms of what videos a brand wants to use to the look & feel of our video player. See our CMS below:
You
try a live demo here
here
to play around with our video experiences firsthand!
🧐
How it works
Upload your video assets to the Viddy CMS
Add any call-to-actions you want within your videos
Select which video UI you want to use (Stories, Carousel, Floating Player)
Copy code embed and place on your site and voila!
It usually takes 1-2 days to get live and all our customers have seen a +10x ROI.
💬 Backstory: we come from e-commerce
We come from the e-commerce industry and have led growth and experimentation of large DTC brands. We led a men's skincare brand that struggled to educate men on how to use skincare products (what does each product do, how much, how often, which order, etc.). Explaining this with video always performed better than static text, but getting people to engage with YouTube or Vimeo embeds wasn't great.
We noticed that video UIs that are on par with mobile social apps are not readily available to non-technical website managers (a growing segment with the advent of Shopify, Webflow, Wix, etc.) and we're here to fix that.
⚡️ Our ask
If you know any folks at e-commerce brands and can make a warm intro, please email us at
founders@viddyapp.io
Want to join the platform? You can join our waitlist
here
.
See All Launches ›