Home
›
Launches
›
Wallbit Pay
184
Wallbit: Neobank in the US for global remote workers
Meet Wallbit, a Neobank for non-US residents that also supports crypto and local currency withdrawals
Rodrigo Vidal
Wallbit Pay
5 months ago
Embed
https://wallbit.io
#
fintech
#
neobank
#
investing
#
crypto/web3
TL;DR:
Wallbit is a Neobank for global remote workers. We give non-US residents a bank account in the US where they can receive their income, and withdraw in crypto and local currencies around the world.
Hey everyone 👋, we are happy to introduce Wallbit!
🙃 The Problem:
As an international worker, you have to figure out ways to receive payments and withdraw money locally. Some banks in Latin America don’t even support US dollars, and the
US financial products are not so accessible if you don’t live there!
🌎 The Solution:
⚡ One-Stop Neobank for all the needs of remote workers ⚡
Wallbit not only helps you receive payments, but also helps you get immediate liquidity.
Imagine receiving an ACH/Wire bank transfer from your client/employer in your Wallbit account, and then having those funds available in your bank account in your country in just 5 minutes…
sounds good, right? That’s exactly what we do.
Now, take a look to the rest of our features:
Receive ACH/Wire and Swift bank transfers ✅
Receive payments from payroll platforms like Deel, OnTop ✅
Convert and withdraw in crypto or local currencies ✅
Get access to a virtual US debit card ✅
Invest in the stock market and US treasuries ✅
Yep, all that, and it’s live already, no waitlists! Sign up in
app.wallbit.io
and get access to your US bank account for free.
💪 Why us?
We are a team of software engineers from Argentina who have faced this problem for years while working remotely for US companies. We’re combining all that understanding of the problem with our tech expertise to fill the banking gap between the US and the rest of the world.
🥳 Do you like it?
Sign up now and let us know what you think! You can reach out to us at
founders@wallbit.io
See All Launches ›