Home
›
Launches
›
Warrant
25
Warrant - Open source application authorization and access control
Build compliant, auditable, production-ready permissions, role based access control, and more in minutes instead of months.
Karan Kajla
Warrant
4 months ago
Embed
https://warrant.dev/
#
b2b
#
api
#
open_source
#
developer_tools
Hey everyone! We’re Aditya and Karan! 👋
Warrant is an open source
authorization service
that
helps developers implement and enforce secure, compliant access control in their applications.
It abstracts away the complexity of building application authorization and access control so developers can instead focus on building core product features.
Our cloud-first, API-first approach has enabled us to build a highly-scalable and performant service that now processes millions of customer API calls per month. Today, we’re excited to announce that Warrant is officially
open source
! ⭐️
The Problem
Developers, we’ve all been there. What started as a simple
isAdmin
flag to distinguish between internal and external users — just so you could release that
one
internal-only feature — has grown into a nightmare to maintain. It’s now a hodgepodge of booleans, database flags, and a halfway built role based access control system that not only slows down your team’s day-to-day development velocity, but also opens up your company to a slew of
costly security vulnerabilities waiting to be exploited
.
What’s more? Your customers are now requesting the ability to self-manage their team’s roles and permissions, so you’ll be spending another 1-2 months building the APIs, UIs, etc. for this risky, non-differentiating feature.
In short, application authorization and access control is difficult to build and even trickier to maintain as a company’s product evolves and its needs change.
The Solution
To help developers quickly build world-class access control, Warrant provides three things:
(1)
A centralized datastore for storing your application’s authorization policies and related data.
Warrant’s management dashboard and APIs make it dead-simple to safely modify authorization policies globally or for a single user or tenant in real-time. With Warrant, updating policies for all users as your product changes becomes a breeze.
(2)
A real-time, low latency access control service for enforcing authorization policies in your application at runtime.
With official Warrant SDKs available for the most popular server-side languages and frontend frameworks, checking if a user has access becomes as easy as a call to Warrant’s
check
method.
(3)
A library of thoughtfully designed, authorization-specific UI components
that help with building self-service permission management flows, granting/denying access to privileged pages/UIs, displaying audit logs to users, and more. These components are
customizable and
permission-aware
, so developers can drop them into any application.
What’s Next?
Join us on our journey to solve authorization and access control for all developers:
Give us a 🌟
on GitHub
and tell us what you’d like us to build next
Give us a follow
on Twitter
to keep up with the latest Warrant features
Come discuss everything authz/access control in our
Slack community
Try out our managed cloud service,
Warrant Cloud
See All Launches ›