Home
›
Launches
›
Yuma
73
Yuma - ChatGPT for customer support
Yuma is using LLMs to automate support for Shopify merchants
Guillaume Luccisano
Yuma
5 months ago
Embed
https://yuma.ai
TL;DR:
Thousands of large Shopify stores all share the same pain: a costly and inefficient customer support. Yuma leverages LLMs and integrates directly with help desks to automate away their high volume of support requests.
The Yuma Story
Hi everyone,
I'm G and I'm very pleased to be launching
Yuma
, my third company!
I did YC twice before
already, with Socialcam (W12) and Triplebyte (S15). It seems like I just can't help myself, and I had to do it all over again.
This time around, however, it's a little bit special as Yuma was launched by accident 🤷‍♂️. I released a prototype in December 2022, and my inbox was inundated with installation requests from Shopify merchants. That's when I knew I was onto something, and I decided to take the plunge. Having experienced that roller coaster ride before, I know exactly what I am signing up for again and I am thrilled about the long and eventful journey that lies ahead.
Why do Shopify merchants need Yuma?
There are thousands of Shopify merchants around the world generating $10M+ a year, and they all have one thing in common:
they all hate customer support
. It's a burden for them and a huge source of cost as
they receive hundreds of requests per day
. Some of them have dozens of support agents on staff, usually offshore, and the overall quality is still often pretty poor, while staff turnover remains high.
Those merchants have been promised automation for years, but the technology has always fallen short, leaving them disappointed. As customers, we have all had to live through a terrible support automation experience before, so it's no secret that
the available current solutions are pretty bad
.
This has to change
, and we believe that the technology is finally there to fix this problem once and for all. Of course, our goal is for Yuma to do it :)
The main things Yuma can do for merchants today:
One-click install
into
help desks
:
no configuration required
, zero adoption cost, and no change in workflows for the support agents.
By
combining LLMs with custom knowledge bases
, Yuma suggests drafts to support agents.
By analyzing historical tickets, Yuma can
copy the writing style of any brand
, but also understand and
replicate their current workflows
autonomously.
By bringing the power of LLMs to rules and templates, Yuma delivers a new type of dynamic workflow that wasn't possible before.
Yuma is already live on Gorgias at the moment, and our Zendesk app will be live in a few weeks.
Our ask 🙏
Do a good deed today and
save a Shopify merchant in your network by telling them about Yuma
. They will be forever grateful! Not only that, they will receive a white-glove onboarding experience along with a 7-day free trial. :)
— —
Thank you for reading!
🔥
See All Launches ›