Home
›
Launches
›
Zenfetch
44
Zenfetch - Real-time sales copilot for closing more deals, faster
We use AI to instantly surface the most effective messaging for customer objections and technical questions, right within the call itself.
Gabe Villasana
Zenfetch
3 months ago
Embed
https://www.zenfetch.com/
#
b2b
#
saas
#
sales
#
generative_ai
#
artificial_intelligence
Tl;dr:
Automatically generate high conversion talking points for any customer objection or technical question.
❌ The Problem - It takes 15 months on average for a sales rep to become a top performer
.
Why? They have to learn volumes of information about their complex products, competitive landscapes, and infinite integrations/partnerships. While sales training and post-call coaching are valuable, people forget an average of 70% of the information they’ve learned in 24 hours of learning it!
Today, sales teams manually create material (playbooks, battlecards, modules, etc.) to prepare their reps with the talking points they need. However, it’s a never ending task to keep sales enablement material up-to-date and comprehensive.
⚡ Our Solution - Increase close rate by up to 30% with automated enablement, delivered in real time
Identify the best talking points for any customer question by analyzing past calls, internal documentation, CRM, & more.
Use the real-time copilot to surface instantaneous talking points for customer objections/questions and search across your entire knowledge base.
Surface questions with no answer in your knowledge base and understand how talking points correlate with deal success.
🙋Who is it for
Teams selling complex products with a long technical ramp up (i.e. medtech, hardware, telecom, cybersecurity)
Hiring or recently hired new SDRs or AEs
Spending a lot of time creating new training and enablement material
❤️ Our Ask
Want to try Zenfetch for your sales team? Schedule a demo
here
!
Know a sales leader who’s growing their sales team? We’d love to hear from you - reach out at
akash@zenfetch.com
!
Why us?
We met at Johns Hopkins University where we built our first startup together. Before Zenfetch, Gabe was a machine learning engineer at Stripe while Akash was a product manager at Meta. In previous roles at IBM and Cleveland Clinic, Akash tackled sales enablement and saw these problems firsthand. We built this product to augment our own founder-led sales and are now taking it to the enterprise!
See All Launches ›